Rating: 1	Review: You know this town has gone to the dogs when they charge THIRTEEN DOLLARS FOR A GYRO. AND A DOLLAR FOR SAUCE. Who eats a gyro without sauce? And I have to pay extra for it? Jeepers creepers! Valencia Street gentrification at its finest.
Rating: 1	Review: I have eaten here a few times in the past and enjoyed the food. Unfortunately I had a terrible experience here yesterday. First of all, my salad barely had any chicken on it. More importantly though, the wine I ordered was absolutely disgusting. Two of my friends tasted it and agreed that is was horrible. They both felt strongly that it was spoiled. My one friend spoke up and politely complained to the cashier/server. She at first offered to bring me something else. However, a few minutes later she instead sent the manager over to harass us. The man was rude and condescending. He literally picked a fight with our entire table. He flat out told me that I was wrong and then lectured me on how I should order a taste before buying a glass "next time." I told him that based on his attitude and poor customer service that there would not be a next time. The guy did not even apologize. He really was hell bent on escalating the situation and offending everyone at my table.I will not be back and frankly I doubt my friends will be back.
Rating: 1	Review: When I first started going to Souvla the food was absolutely amazing, but that was some years ago. The last two times I've ordered food at this restaurant the lamb was overcooked and dry. What used to be a juicy lamb sandwich turned into something that tasted like old lamb that had been reheated several times. When my mother, who is visiting from New York, tried her lamb sandwich she asked me If the meat inside the sandwich was hamburger meat. I was appalled, and had to answer, "no I'm so sorry it's just really over cooked lamb". Sad. Not sure why great restaurants that become successful lose sight of the one thing that can ruin their food and brand - quality control.
Rating: 1	Review: Since when marketing has replaced taste in a city like San Francisco? Like everyone, I was seduced by the modern - greek atmosphere when I entered the place. The chicken and the meat roasting slowly made me hope for the best......then I took the first bite of my sandwich and it tasted like cardboard, everything was tasteless, the bred, the meat, the sauce. Not to mention the texture....revolting. I turned to my friend, we swapped sandwiches, and after a second bite, they ended up where they belonged: the trash can. I am half greek, half french and to me Souvla is an insult to greek street food and to California food. Let's our food scene not be conquered by marketing and concept.
Rating: 1	Review: Asked for a food to go, wasn't given a fork and napkins and had to ask for it later at cafes nearby. I expected a better service. Are my standards too high?Food is ok, but doesn't worth waiting.
Rating: 1	Review: Terrible for vegetarians. Ordered their potato salad (their only veggie option). And the potatoes were pretty good but the rest of the salad tasted like it was dowsed in vinegar.Also, they don't offer ketchup, so consider that before you order fries.
Rating: 1	Review: I don't understand the love for this place. The fries are alright but the meat is soooo dry and flavorless that it's tough to even convince yourself to eat more than a few bites.
Rating: 1	Review: I really hate going out for a meal and fighting for a seat. At this place they're happy to take your order (and your money) and then leave you milling about, stalking tables, guessing which people look like they are about to leave so you can try to sit before your meal arrives. Spoiler: you end up having your food delivered while you're standing awkwardly next to the bar with nowhere to eat it. And then once someone takes pity on you and offers you their seat, the food is cold. Once you're halfway through a bland salad with cold, dry lamb a waiter comes over and gives you the dressing that was supposed to be in the salad in the first place.This place is just around the corner and I would rather travel to the other side of the city than wait for a seat at this place again.
Rating: 1	Review: This review is not about the food but rather about the very poor customer service by the manager at this location. Was here last Sun with 4 of my children to pick up ONE order of fries with the "granch" sauce for snack. The line was long and I reached out to the manager for help. I explained to him that we normally put in through the app but we had some connectivity issues that day. He basically told me to F off and that he was busy covering for someone on a break. All I asked for is for him to put in the order in the kitchen (verbally) while I wait in line with fussy kids (so I don't have to wait outside again). Thank you Souvla for treating your weekly customers like $hit!
Rating: 1	Review: One star for the decor. Food is overpriced and not good. I tried the chicken wrap and it was DRY DRY DRY. I practically choked on it with how dry it was. It said it had "granch dressing" but I did not detect any sort of sauce. The only thing giving it some sort of moisture was the ONE naval orange slice. Will not be coming back.
Rating: 1	Review: Very disappointed by the lunch. I had the pork sandwich which was mainly remarkable for it saltiness. My friend had the salad which also was unremarkable. For thos prices and on Valencia street,  I expect something delicious.
Rating: 1	Review: Me and my parents decided to give this place a try. We walked in and tried to look at the menu. The guy at the register was so rude and asked us to move aside or read the menu outside because we were in the way of zero customers behind us. Everything was overpriced for small portions. The soup tasted yummy but tasted like pulled Costco rotisserie chicken meat and thrown in a cream of potato soup. Overrated, overpriced, and overly rude staff. Will never return to the restaurant.
Rating: 1	Review: I went here for lunch, asked the hostess about the chicken sandwich; to which she assured that it's a large sized sandwich. Paid $14 for a sandwich and was extremely disappointed to get a tiny little pita wrap that had little bits of chicken and a large bunch of pea shoots.I noticed other customers that got their lunch to be eaten at the restaurant had much larger salads and sandwiches. More importantly the taste I expected to be exceptional given the price but it fell flat. I wouldn't go here again for lunch as it's misleading.
Rating: 1	Review: Poor customer service. I bought 2 sandwiches (chicken & pork) for to go that cost me $27. I asked the lady at the cashier if I could get some extra tzatziki sauce that I could  put on my souvlaki sandwich. And the lady told me that I have to pay $1.50 for the extra tzatziki sauce. It's disappointing that for a tiny cup of sauce I really still have to pay while I bought 2 items on their menu & getting the extra sauce should be complimentary. It isn't about paying the extra dollars (I'm not cheap!) but it's about good customer service & satisfaction. And also the chicken sandwich turned out to be so dry & the pork meat need some seasoning. The Greek souvlaki doesn't taste like this. Auto den einai authentiko elliniko souvlaki!!! Apexei para poly apo to souvlaki pou xero!!!
Rating: 1	Review: Poor service, low quality food, small portions, and high prices! Normally I'd let one of these go but all four and I had to let others know. They got my order wrong, took forever, and the food was mediocre while they charged me for a more expensive item.
Rating: 1	Review: I was treated unfairly and unpleasant by the cashier with braids. She in my opinion is prejudice, and she didn't acknowledge me before she spoke to the white woman behind me. I was totally embarrassed and the manager defended her behavior. I drove over 2 hours to bring my daughter to this restaurant very unfortunate.
Rating: 1	Review: Attention Internet, i have acquired a small $17 gyro. It was delicious, and ridiculously priced.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Rating: 1	Review: We were attracted by the clean space and the cherry tomatoes is the sandwiches.  To our disappointment, it was one of the worst pita bread and roasted me we've ever had.  Both the chicken and pork were extremely dry.  It was like eating shredded boiled chicken breast. The pita bread lacked the chewy mouthfeel.  The bread was also on the dry side.  Had there been more yogurts sauce inside, the experience might have been a bit better.
Rating: 1	Review: The worst lamb in the Bay Area.  The lamb is not flavored properly and cooked poorly.  This is a shame for a signature protein in the Mediterranean diet.  For those that think otherwise, continue to patronize an overpriced, cafeteria style establishment that prides itself on long lines for no reason.
Rating: 1	Review: While I love the food, the dining experience has been very poor. We arrived at 11:30 for lunch on a Monday and waited 40 mins for our food. They were so backed up with massive online orders that everyone in the restaurant had to wait forever. The staff seemed much more concerned about the 10 caviar drivers in the front. When our food finally Arrived it was luke warm. Very disappointed!
Rating: 1	Review: Really bad food & service. Came in at 8pm on a Thursday night, location was not busy.First time visiting, we ordered a pork sandwich, lamb sandwich, fries, and a beer ($42.00 w/ tip). All disappointing, but what should have been the highlight of the meal, the roast pork and lamb, was downright awful. In fact, the meat tasted foul and old - a little worried about food poisoning, but likely just poor quality. I'd guess that they roast meat in the nice rotisserie out front then take it back and let it sit for an hour or so, chop it into cubes, and stash it in a heated food prep tray where it dries out until served. The result is dry, old-tasting meat, but maybe doesn't explain the foul taste.On top of that, fries came out cold. Feels like all the food is kept under heat lamps for a long time or maybe timing is just really bad.The cashier was pretty icy and a little rude but I wouldn't have noticed as much if the food made up for the attitude.My mistake ordering the 'greek' beer, can't hold that against them.
Rating: 1	Review: Way, way, way overpriced Americanized Greek food that is stunningly bland.I don't know how this chain keeps people coming in. I was still hungry after spending over $20 for a wrap and limpy fries. (Okay, maybe I would have been less hungry after the meal if I actually finished the fries, but why eat something gross, just because you're hungry?)Will not be back.
Rating: 1	Review: This place is over priced and the food sucks. Literally got a salad for 20 bucks and that's not even the worst part, there was a hair in my salad, basically paid for a 20 dollar salad with hair in it when I told the girl at the register she said she couldn't do anything about it and the hair was small??? This place is a disgrace to food in general especially food in the mission district. Oh how I miss the old San Francisco ..
Rating: 1	Review: They charged us for fries on our takeout order and didn't include them. Also, lamb wasn't seasoned at all. Don't go here!
Rating: 1	Review: The lamb souvlaki sucked!!!!!! I absolutely don't know what the fuzz is about. Such an overpriced gimmick. I've had better gyros and way crappier places!!!! Never coming back.
Rating: 1	Review: Greek fries? Taste like regular fries with some cheese to garnish. The lamb wasn't good. Dry taste boring. If your gonna charge 20 bucks for a sandwich and fries make the shit good
Rating: 1	Review: SUPER RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL SERVER YELLED AT A MINOR!!!! Went in today to get our usual favorite order, and when we went to leave, we didn't notice part of our order was missing: just a side of fries and dip. We go back after our picnic to ask for our missing fries, as my daughter still wanted them, and we received them, but when my daughter politely asked also for the dip we paid for, as said on the receipt, my YOUNG DAUGHTER WAS HUMILIATED AND BERATED by an extremely rude server who insinuated she was lying about a missing sauce, which we could prove was paid for on the receipt. We had ordered and paid for the sauce and DID NOT received it and we're simply asked for what we paid for. My teenage daughter was humiliated and cried after the treatment from servers in the restaurant and on the way home. We had never had an experience like this from customer service after going to Souvla for years as a family favorite restaurant. We will not be paying for this rude customer service ever again.
Rating: 1	Review: I really wanted to like this place, as altho not really Greek the food looked good and it's right across the street.BUT, after 2 bad experiences, as I cannot count to 3, here is my review.#1. Friend brought me the pork sandwich. Dry, cold, and... off tasting. But  everything else was Ok, so I thought I'd try it again.#2 experience.BIG MISTAKE! Last night friend brought me the lamb sandwich. The lamb was cold, dry, and just slightly gamey, like an older lamb not a baby lamb. At Least that's what I thought. This morning I was so ill. Food poisoning is the only thing that upsets my digestive system like this. Without being too graphic, lets just say that after 5 yes FIVE visits to the john with explosive events (almost didn't make it the last time diarrhea to boot) I *might* be Ok. Totally exhausted from my body violently expelling everything.NEVER AGAIN!
Rating: 1	Review: Everything about the lamb sandwich I got was bad; so bad that after the first bit I considered throwing away a 15$ sandwich and buying food somewhere else. I didn't so I can now tell you exactly why not to eat there. The lamb was super salty, the pitta bread was dry and the veggies did not go well with the meet so every bite felt dry and bland. I have been to Greece a couple of times and this tasted nothing like the great food there
Rating: 2	Review: The Hayes Valley location is much better. $20 for a cold sandwich and cold fries. Service was fast, my order came out *very* quickly, but the food itself was really disappointing. I'm hoping this was just a fluke, but I don't trust the quality with this location.
Rating: 2	Review: I really wanted to like this place as I'd heard great reviews from friends, but honestly every time it's fallen a bit flat for me. It's missing that killer ingredient that brings you back for more - instead I give up half way through as I'm over the basic flavor palette...
Rating: 2	Review: Had the lamb salad. The lamb was dry and too lean so it tasted gamey. Salad was overdressed and too sour for my taste. Mediocre at best. Potatoes were good.
Rating: 2	Review: Stay away from the lamb. I was sent here by a friends recommendation and wish I hadn't. The place is busy with a nice vibe. But the lamb wrap was just plain awful, greasy taste and aroma is all that I got from first bite and just couldn't bring myself to finish it. This is not what a real Greek wrap should taste like. They get the two starts for the salad Which was good and fresh.The beer was cold and tasty. Too bad the meat -the highlight of the place- is subpar
Rating: 2	Review: It's KFC for rich people. Which is not very good.This is a Meat place. There are a lot of Meat places on Valencia - Bottega, Lolo, Limon and Luna also come to mind.It has an attractive menu for Meat people. When visitors out of town need Meat, they buy it here. They need Food, and Food has Meat, and Souvla serves Food with Meat. The last time I've seen an order from here, that guy, that out of town guest, of course got the Extra Meat. He's not even a fat sack of crap, he just liked the idea of the extra meat, which he brought into my house and I couldn't eat anyway.When I used to eat meat, I would occasionally buy something from here. It isn't very good.If you don't eat Meat, you look at your ticket for $24, and you will think, "What the hell did I just order?" It's a very expensive salad with (or without) a mediocre Meat. The crux is without the Meat, there's no addictive (or as some people call it, "mouth watering") part of this, you're not feeling like it's satisfying your need for Food-because-Food-is-Meat, so you will literally never go here.Souvla was built on a solid concept: there is a huge population of Food-is-Meat people, and let's minimize the restaurant - like the servers and staff or whatever - to most efficiently deliver Meat to the people. We can continue to charge $X for meat, because other places do, and our costs are lower than theirs, so we will stick around. Great business really.There's an audience, and they will pay stupid amounts of money to satisfy their weird food problem. It is simply a majority condition, so nobody really thinks it's weird that every single meal has to be Meat with Extra Meat. I do, so I don't have a conniption about giving a Meat place that wasn't good when I used to eat Meat, and is not any better except more expensive, a poor review.You should walk a little further to Mixt, which achieves the concept of the entrees here for lower cost, faster, and with more space. Even if you need Meat, it's all the same Meat.
Rating: 2	Review: Went here over the weekend after a long time seeing the crowds. Got a lamb wrap. The meat wasn't anything to be excited about. The wrap was dry not much yogurt sauce. It wasn't anything better han what I could do at home. The size was very small not worth $15.. don't know why this place is so popular. I will not return.
Rating: 2	Review: I got the lamb and did not enjoy it one bit. The lamb had a very strong pungent taste (I occasionally eat lamb, but couldn't eat this one) that immediately hits you on the first bite. The radish, cucumber, feta cheese, onion, and yogurt combined with the pita bread didn't make it taste any better. I had to throw it away. The sandwich is not cheap either, at almost $16. The frozen yogurt with baklava (frozen yogurt topped with baklava and honey) tasted a lot better. The yogurt was soft and smooth and the baklava added the right amount of sweetness. Customer service was good and place was clean.
Rating: 2	Review: I've got to say-- this was one of the most overrated restaurants I have been to. For a while now, Souvla was on my list to check out. Being that it's extremely popular, the lines usually win over and we choose another restaurant. We happened upon this Mission location with literally no line so we decided to give it a go. Both of us ordered the lamb wrap and a side of the fries to share and honestly everything was just OKAY. Nothing was very seasoned, felt like healthy good quality food but was truly lacking in the flavor department. Even the dipping sauces that came with the fries were bland. Now I may be use to a more traditional mediterranean or greek seasoned lamb or gyro meat, but this just felt under seasoned.  I'd recommend this place if you do not enjoy traditional spices in greek or mediterranean food  and you want a simplified flavor profile of meat, pita, and some veggies.
Rating: 2	Review: I don't really understand the appeal of this place.The atmosphere is modern and pretty and the food presentation is also aesthetically pleasing. But the food is very bland. There seemed to be hardly any dressing on my salad and hardly any sauce on my husband's gyro. The "Greek fries" were basically just "fries" indistinguishable from any other fries.
Rating: 2	Review: Chicken wrap was not good: stale bread with dry chicken and very lean on the other things. I don't know how the delicious looking rotisserie chickens didn't make it into my sandwich. Service is good and the aesthetics of the shop are fine. Disappointingly expensive for being dry & bland, I genuinely hoped for better food.. booo
Rating: 2	Review: Mediocrity at its douchiest. Lamb sandwich was dry. Fries were no better than the other high quality garlic fries you could get anywhere in the city. Froyo was reminiscent of Fraiche, but not as rich (RIP Fraiche). Customer service seemed unnecessarily rushed and rude. They forgot the garlic sauce I came to the window specifically to add on and didn't care one bit. Go somewhere else.
Rating: 2	Review: I've been here a few times and usually sit in. The food has usually been good. Hence the two stars. This time, we ordered the usual chicken wraps and I found they charge extra for the sauce cause they put it inside any way. There was the tiniest smear when I opened up the whole wrap but not enough u make the dry chicken go down easy. My husband, who hates la croix actually drank some since that's all we had and needed it to make it go down. I think a $15 wrap merits a sauce with it.
Rating: 2	Review: Today I decided to get this with my friend and we were happy to indulge in this food. It was quite disappointing to be completely honest; because the chicken sandwiches were filled with oils and salt and this was the first time we came across this issue. The amount of Greek fries we received felt like it was a "kids size". How did this happen? My guess would be a busy Thursday evening but I hope this is my first and last time receiving food in this poor mannerly way.
Rating: 2	Review: The food is no match for the original Hayes brethren. I tried the pork sandwich. The pieces were blah.. not nicely cooked or hot. Felt like eating defrosted pork. The fries were lukewarm. A very lukewarm experience. Hard for me to want to go back with so many choices in the 'hood.
Rating: 2	Review: I was really optimistic about this place because of the reviews, but was instantly disappointed. My lamb was very dry and the veggies in the sandwich were minimal. small portion of fries for $6, and you must pay for the sauce - not even one complimentary sauce for your fries.. Sauce was flat. Only thing I liked was the frozen yogurt, but my fiance was disappointed in the baklava. Overall not worth the price and you can def get better Mediterranean food elsewhere.
Rating: 2	Review: I used to come here regularly for their chicken salad, but the quality has declined precipitously. The salad is nice, but the chicken - which they tout as their one of their flagship offerings - was so dry it was hard. It was even dry in the soup. When I told them it was dry, they said I should have says something earlier so they could put more dressing on it, which is really missing the point. It was over cooked.
Rating: 2	Review: I only stopped by to try Souvla's greek frozen yogurt. It was a Sunday night and looked half-way packed. As soon as I came in, the person behind the counter assumed I either wanted a drink or a froyo and not food - which was kind of weird. He was in a hurry to take my order and I felt really rushed. I got my froyo with baklava crumbs and honey right away. There are other toppings you could get but the others didn't look so appetizing.. Based on other Yelpers/photos, it looks like the others aren't as popular.I was fairly dissapointed with the taste. Again this is GREEK frozen yogurt so the sourness and tartness will hit you. I tried to scoop some baklava and honey with every bite I took. But eventually, it became overwhelming and I didn't want to finish it all. I wouldn't pay $6 for something like this again. I like the unique idea but this for sure isn't for everyone.
Rating: 2	Review: Maybe I had too high expectations for a first timer, but I did not enjoy the pork shoulder sandwich. The biggest let down was that it was served between room temperature and cold. There was no flavor at all in the pork and it was just overall sad. My friend who ate here previously (and ordered the same) said she agreed it was a let down and that the chicken sandwich she had last time was better. Also ordered the fries which were mediocre but at least it was warm. Maybe they gave us pre-made sandwiches. Came during dinner time, seats were 3/4 full and a lot of people ordered to go but there wasn't much of a dinner rush. I will come at least one more time to try something different. Hopefully the next sandwich comes out at a higher temperature.
Rating: 2	Review: I've eaten at Souvla's other locations many times, and love every single thing on the menu, so I was excited when they opened a location in the Mission since I'm in the area often. I finally tried the Valencia location last week, and was very disappointed. I ordered the pork salad and chicken sandwich for pickup through Souvla's website. I arrived before my order was ready, and actually saw my food coming out of the kitchen, so I was expecting a delicious fresh dinner. However, both items were cold. The sandwich didn't have that warm melt-in-your-mouth feeling that I love about their chicken sandwich, and the bread was not soft. The food wasn't *bad* but it just wasn't the high quality I'm used to from Souvla. I usually believe that Souvla's prices are justified, but with my experience at the Valencia location, my food definitely wasn't worth the price I paid. I was expecting to become a regular at this location, but I don't think I'll be coming back.
Rating: 2	Review: Food is extremely bland. With all the ingredients they add you'd think it'd be more flavorful. We had the lamb sandwich and chicken salad and both were disappointing. It's really sad too because this place has a lot of potential. Oh well, I guess I'll just wait until this one runs out of business and the next spot opens up...shouldn't be long.
Rating: 2	Review: Meh. I had heard great things, but wasn't impressed. Pork sandwich was dry as a bone and extra sauce is $1. Fries were crispy, but again, not enough seasoning. Could barely taste the harissa in the harissa dip. Ingredients all sounded good, but flavors weren't developed enough. Frozen yogurt with baklava was good. Staff was unwelcoming and gruff. Don't think I'll make a trip back.
Rating: 2	Review: Heard so many people rave about Souvla so I expected a lot. Got the pork salad to go, and it was kinda disappointing. I appreciated how generous they were with the pork, but it tasted a bit too porky and gamey in not-good way. That gamey taste practically lingered around the entire time and I hated it. Aside from that, the salad was a bit lackluster. The gamey pork taste overpowered everything. The salad needed something more. Something else. More texture. More freshness. Also added in a pita and their pita was practically like cardboard - not much taste and fluff. The yoghurt dressing was good though. Overall, I'd say skip the pork salad. Idk if I just made a wrong protein choice (I heard a lot of people say that the chicken was dry and that the pork was killer), or if Souvla overall is really just overrated, overpriced, and blah. Honestly you'd be better off going to another place for a salad.
Rating: 2	Review: Everything in the chicken salad was good except the chicken. The chicken was really dry. The contents of the pork sandwich was good except the pita was dry and fell apart after one bit. Greek pita should be fluffy and hold together.
Rating: 2	Review: This restaurant is OK but they just lost our future business. We took our salads out to eat outside. I felt that the salad was underdressed so I asked my 18 year old daughter to go back and ask for extra dressing. The woman who worked there said "normally we charge for this... So just remember for next time." It's a little absurd and I feel that she was abusing the fact that my daughter looks young and is not an adult. I don't know why they would charge for their salad to have enough salad dressing on it.
Rating: 2	Review: The food is just average! Not worth the trip. Price wise it is on the high end! I can get better food with this kind of price at other places. Do not recommend unless you want to waste your money.
Rating: 2	Review: Chicken Sandwich, Greek Style (fries inside)  I was very underwhelmed. It just seemed lacking in flavor.  It was 85% shredded mushy chicken, 15% garnish.  If they cut a third of the meat back and added more pickled onion and greens, and some sort of sauce, maybe with some feta,  it would make a big impact.  The chicken sandwich is just too much bland mushy white meat chicken.  I regret not getting hot sauce, it would have helped, but I wanted to try the sandwich the way it was designed before making my own additions.
Rating: 2	Review: This restaurant stinks. Literally. I've never like the smell of boiled chicken or whatever it is they do with the poor creatures here. It's impossible to escape it in there and it stuck on me after I left when I got home. Maybe a lot of people don't even notice it. Maybe they're not attuned to it. I can't go in there. They do not provide decent vegetarian options. Their fries are kinda greasy and they sprinkle cheese on them reflexively and without awareness that customers might not want it. True I could have maybe read a little more carefully into the menu item to see that there was cheese on it. But I just think this is expressive of the generally omnivorous nature of their menu. My partner and I went in yesterday because we were looking for some French fries. They were kinda greasy, and cheesy. Maybe some people like them that way. We don't.
Rating: 2	Review: It's quite a let down. Looks good on the street, but the meat doesn't taste right. It feels like they compromised quality for speed. The chicken tasted like it was boiled, almost like tuna, and the lamb tasted like it had been sitting around for a while. Sorry guys, you gotta step it up!
Rating: 2	Review: Hipster fastfood environment, friendly staff. Love the simple menu. The lamb was probably one of the worst I've had in any mediterranean joint in the Bay Area, bummer...
Rating: 2	Review: This place is overrated. The lamb was dry and there was barely enough sauce on my pita sandwich. The chicken rice soup had no rice, but was still delicious. Overall the meal was just OK. Definitely not worth the 14 dollars I spent though on the sandwich alone (you have to spend an extra dollar if you want more sauce).
Rating: 2	Review: They recently changed the Greek yogurt recipe and it's absolutely terrible. I understand nominal changes but never will I ever crave a yogurt so sour (not tart) again in my life. I used to look forward to late night strolls to get the olive oil covered yogurt but now warn others not to waste their time.
Rating: 2	Review: This place was pretty AVERAGE in my opinion. They have plenty of locations throughout SF but I went to the one on mission. There's somewhat limited seating (at the one I went to at least) so when the line built up you see a lot of people looking around for seats. I got the lamb wrap? Which has fries, cucumbers, red onions, lamb, and feta cheese. The lamb itself was borderline bland and there were definitely too much cucumber to meat ratio. I am a huge fan of the yogurt sauce that is included but sadly there were only drops of it and they charge extra for sauce. Honesty would rather go to a halal guys for a better price and tastier food. Come at your own risk!!
Rating: 2	Review: I was recommended Souvla through a friend, and they were quite busy when I came by on a Saturday at 3pm. I was surprised because...who else is eating lunch at 3pm?Anyways, I ordered the pork shoulder salad. I LOVE pork shoulder so I was super excited. However when I got my order, the meat was SO dry. It was so hard to eat because of how dry it was and I had a lot of trouble chewing and eating my food.My friend also ordered the lamb sandwich and complained about how dry it was, as well. I was very disappointed and didn't understand why there were so many people at this restaurant. The decor is cute but other than that, the meats are too dry and I would not come back.
Rating: 2	Review: One of the worst tasting chicken shwarmas i have ever had. the chicken is tasteless as is the pita its wrapped in
Rating: 2	Review: Don't know what happened to this place. The French fries are still good and hence the two stars.  Purchased the Chicken Salad and the Veggie salad; the chicken tasted and smelled old. but the sweet potatoes was good. The base of both salads was basically a mixture of kale with romaine lettuce and a sprinkle of everything else that is listed. Total WASTE of money!!
Rating: 2	Review: I had been here once before (the Hayes valley location) and really liked it but I was pretty disappointed this time around. I got the veg salad and added the lamb (a Greek staple which I felt confident- maybe overly so - would be good). The majority of the ingredients seemed pretty fresh but they neglected to add any of their spicy yogurt sauce and the lamb was disgusting - grey, chewy, and completely without flavor. Apparently they are known for their chicken and, had I known this, I would have gone for that instead. Uncertain if this was a product of the to-go order, the location, or simply bad ordering on my part but I will not be going back any time soon
Rating: 2	Review: Call it what you want, this is not Greek food. But if you want a kale salad with flavorless meat this is the place. Good quality kale though.  And the garlic yogurt sauce missed the mark as well, zero flavor. Gave it two stars because the fries are really good.  But as far as the Greek potatoes, stay away. So many better places to eat at for the price.
Rating: 2	Review: Don't get me wrong. The food is great. Always been a fan but I suggest that the restaurant consider to make the pickup process clear. I stood in the wrong line on the left thought that it's ok and have to join the other line later. 40 mins for picking up an ice cream is a little too long, isn't it?The app said my ice cream is ready but I had to wait in line for my turn to pick up....
Rating: 3	Review: My son and I came here during lunch on a weekday. I ordered the pork salad and their fries. Fries were mediocre. Nothing special with the greek fries coz I couldn't even taste the cheese. Pork salad was big portion which I love. It had other toppings, not just greens. Pork was okay to me. The flavor was nothing spectacular. I was expecting it would be treated differently but it just tasted like a salted roasted pork. I love the concept of this place but I was just a bit disappointed that the food lacked flavor.
Rating: 3	Review: When I was asking my friend for Bay Area food recs, he said I needed to try the frozen Greek yogurt at Souvla. Unfortunately, I didn't find it particularly noteworthy. I got the frozen yogurt with baklava crumbles and honey, which the cashier recommended, and she kindly offered to split the portions into two cups so my friend and I could share at no extra cost. It was definitely a big portion, and I appreciate that offer and her doing that.Nevertheless, I just felt like I was eating somewhat regular frozen yogurt with sweet bits and honey. Nothing particularly special, and not really for me.
Rating: 3	Review: Got the chicken salad. Good portion. Could have done with some more orange in it. Was a tad bit on the sour side. Wish they had more variety on the menu. Felt like the options were very limited.The service was good.
Rating: 3	Review: Souvla provides decent Greek food but at a high price.I ordered the chicken salad, but it was a bit too tangy. The salad was relatively healthy, though the chicken was not of the style offered at more authentic Greek restaurants. I ordered a harissa tinged yogurt side to put on top to give the salad more flavor. Just the salad alone was about fifteen dollars with tax, which is a lot for what it was and the ambience of the restaurant. The fries were solid (as most fries are), and I would recommend choosing the garlic dipping sauce. The frozen Greek yogurt was worth ordering because it is pretty unique.  The baklava that came with ours was frozen solid, however, and so it wasn't possible to have a bite of baklava with each frozen yogurt bite. Other orders didn't have this problem so it was likely an issue specific to the batch we were given.Overall, if you're in the mood for Mediterranean food I'd go elsewhere. It's still enjoyable food, but not for the price point and not with so many other options available.
Rating: 3	Review: Friend and I got the breakfast sandwich (scrambled eggs, garlic yogurt, lots and lots of feta, and either chicken or lamb inside a pita wrap. ) I got the lamb, which were small, well-done chopped cubes. It was cooked fine, I found a few fatty or grisly pieces here and there but all around the lamb was fine. My friend seemed to like her chicken though; we didn't think it was the breast meat but didn't think to ask the lady behind the counter. It got busy around 12:15 pm so I recommend getting there around 11:30 or so to get a good seat and skip the lines. The food took ~5 min to come out when we ordered with no line. But....it's still ~$16 for a single breakfast sandwich....  not the best $16 I've ever spent. For that price I would have expected a more well-rounded meal. A complimentary side salad or fruit would have been nice.
Rating: 3	Review: If I could give this review 3.5 stars, I would. I ordered the lamb sandwich, the fries, and the baklava/honey Greek yogurt. Like many reviewers, I agree that some of the bites of the lamb was dry. I couldn't really chew one of the pieces I had. The vegetables are actually really good and my favorite part of the sandwich. Nice crunch and flavor which  is a nice change from when you sometimes get soggy lettuce and mushy tomatoes in a gyro sandwich. They were also light on the harissa sauce. The fries were cooked greatest, good crunch, and good flavor. I got the harissa sauce on the side and it was a nice complement. The Greek yogurt was definitely the star and why I think this place has so many 4 stars. The tartness of the yogurt goes really well with the very sweet baklava and the baklava offers a nice contrasting crunch. If I came again, I probably would just opt for the fries and dip it in the yogurt. Yes, fries in the yogurt. Yeah I said it. Did that blow your mind? Boom.
Rating: 3	Review: Souvla serves some nicely Americanized Mediterranean food.  My cousin and I grabbed dinner here after an art show in SF- I recommend sitting in front of the rotisserie, where you can observe the fat drip off of the roasting meat.  Also, it's the warmest place to sit!  :) . I agree with a few other reviewers- the shawarma needs something to give it some extra kick, something acidic or spicy perhaps.  Nice place!
Rating: 3	Review: I feel I may be the odd one out of this one. I had come here with my friends who had sweared by Souvla being a legit joint being a fast casual place. During Covid, there isn't any seating but we ordered our food online and the food was ready when we arrived. I ordered the lamb salad and I felt the lamb to salad proportion was so off. It was half lamb and half vege. I mean I appreciate them piling on the lamb and it's a more expensive ingredient but it was not balanced. The lamb lacked much flavor and it was kind of off-putting. The veges were fine but it's a salad so if it was bad...that's a major problem. I ordered it Greek style so got some fries piled on top and that was the delight of the dish. I mean you can't go wrong with oily potatoes so I found myself digging around for vege and fries and pushing the lamb to the side. Maybe it was an off day, maybe I need a sandwich for the bread. I dunno what went wrong but I'm not giving up and will be willing to try again.
Rating: 3	Review: Decent place to satisfy your greek cravings in a casual ambiance, but I'm not sure what the hype is all about. Someone in line even claims to request Soulva as their last meal, exaggerated much? I ordered their lamb wrap which came to $16. The portion was not extremely big nor was the meat exceptionally tasty. Personally, I think I overpaid for a wrap that was just average.  Granted, the environment is nicely decorated with an outdoor patio full of stringed lights almost made up for it, but not quite.  Overall, if you are in the area looking for a cute place to chill and want Greek food, this is a possible option. However, the line ups may deter you.
Rating: 3	Review: I ordered a side salad + lamb which was tasty but pretty pricey for a side (~$9). The lamb was a bit tough but overall I enjoyed the salad. The regular salad, wrap, and yogurt come in large portions!
Rating: 3	Review: So far so good. Sometimes I feel like this location is cursed since things keep closing up but I'm hopeful!Came here on a Thursday night with a 2YO. Ordered a chicken sandwich, Greek fries and the lemon chicken soup.The food came out quickly which I'm thankful for since my child was starting to get impatient.The chicken sandwich was good but I would have preferred it without the orange slices in there. 3/5The fries were amazingggg. Crispy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside. My fave. (5/5)The soup was more of a rice porridge with a lemon zing to it. I probably won't order it again. I probably would had loved it without the lemon but that's me and maybe that combination is great to others. (2/5)Then I decided, heck, why not a soft serve so I got the baklava honey crumble soft serve which was a nice portion for two. Tasty and light despite my topping choice. (4/5)
Rating: 3	Review: Staff is cordial not particularly inviting more accommodating. They clearly are strictly accustomed and adapted best to high volume efficiency
Rating: 3	Review: This is like an upscale Mediterranean Chipotle. Sure they bring you your food, but quality and flavor-wise, I think my analogy still holds.I appreciate it for what it is, but a bit expensive and just not the best Mediterranean food that's available.
Rating: 3	Review: Yummy food. Great place to go to for a quick healthy bite. The place can get busy but it's worth the wait in my opinion. The potato's are my favorite per usual!
Rating: 3	Review: I ordered a chicken sandwich with yogurt and spicy sauce on the side. I made it "Greek style" which meant fries inside my sandwich. The chicken was a bit on the dry side and the fries were tasty but not as crispy as it could be. The yogurt and spicy sauce was yummy. I just think for 13+ dollars it should and could taste much better than this. The choices of ingredients they use is very good though, navel oranges and pickled red onions  gave it good flavor. The pea shoots got in the way of eating and it noted fennel in the descriptions but I think I got 1 thin slice. Overall it has potential, but I'm not sure if it's worth the 13 dollars. I'll let you decide!
Rating: 3	Review: I used to love love souvla but just ordered some take out from here yesterday- fries and the pork sandwich and it was very disappointing. The pork was all fatty and had no flavor and this made the entire sandwich tasteless and I lost my appetite. I hope this was a one off experience because I have been a fan of Souvla ever since I moved to SF..
Rating: 3	Review: I got the chicken wrap and my friend got the pork salad. The food quality is great but my wrap had too much meat and not a lot of anything else - therefore, the flavor profile isn't great. Their greek fries with the garlic dip was amazing, however. Their baklava soft serve was also a very delicious treat.
Rating: 3	Review: Fries and chicken salad were okay. I expected crispy rotisserie chicken but it was shredded. Good flavorful shredded chicken but I prefer crispy rotisserie chicken. The Greek yogurt tastes like the tart yogurt from those frozen yogurt places.
Rating: 3	Review: I was so excited to try Souvla. I'd been hearing about it for years and finally had an excuse to make the trip. I ordered the Lamb Sandwich. To be honest, I'm not entirely sure I got the lamb. My friend ordered the pork and our meat looked the same. Whatever it was, it was dry, and there was way too much of it in comparison to veggies. I will say that the hot sauce is delicious and really makes the gyro much better. I only wish I had discovered it before my last few bites!
Rating: 3	Review: I ordered a pork salad through caviar. . The salad in itself was good and the mint yogurt sauce was exquisite. However, I really didn't like the pork at all. Was extremely hard to bite in and a weird flavor to me. Pita was good but not the best. Will go back but probably to try something different!
Rating: 3	Review: I had the vegetarian sandwich, which in retrospect I should have gotten something with meat. I personally found the flavors to be a little too overpowering with the pickled onion, feta and kalamata olives. The potato yam thing inside was very good and filled me up a lot though. It was very empty when I went and the service was super fast. I wish there was more tzatziki on the sandwich as well.
Rating: 3	Review: This review is a 3.5. I love the space and the fries and frozen yogurt were great. I got the veg salad which needed some more acidity to brighten up the flavors. It was a lot of salt and fat but not much else. My husband had the veg sandwich which is a huge piece of sweet potato wrapped in a large piece of bread. The sandwich is too dense and it doesn't make sense to me to have the only veg sandwich be potato, especially since the fries are so popular. I'll come back for the fries and fro yo but hopefully they can change up their veg option.
Rating: 3	Review: I like Souvla but won't bring the family here--too many photos of people smoking cigarettes
Rating: 3	Review: Ordered a lamb wrap. Maybe my taste buds were off that day but it seemed rather bland to me.
Rating: 3	Review: I have heard all the raves so wanted to check this place out. I got a lamb wrap tonight for take out. It was pretty damn good. Not necessarily transcendent or anything but what can you expect from your basic wrap sandwich. Definitely get extra hot sauce as it totally took it from good to great. Of course the hot sauce was extra cost..  All in $15 for a wrap. I say eat in because the place has cool atmosphere so maybe then it would feel like a good value. I get it these fast casual places are how restaurants are making money now in SF.  It is hard to make a go of it in this town so more power to them.  I'll probably be back but more cooking at home in my future...
Rating: 3	Review: ThIs is a super popular and convenient place for modified (note: not traditional) Greek food. My favorite is their chicken salad, although they go very heavy on the chicken and many times I've found some undesirable parts of the chicken in my salad, causing me to always pick through everything and pay attention to what I'm eating. This place is a bit hyped up, but I think convenience and atmosphere are probably their best qualities.
Rating: 3	Review: Had the chicken gyro it was okay, nothing special. The pork gyro however was better. Out of the two get the pork, much more flavorful. Overall this place has above average decor with solid Mediterranean.
Rating: 3	Review: The atmoshpere at Souvla is bright, comfortable, and welcoming. The staff were polite and courteous as well! The menu has a simple layout, and the food was delicious and prompt. Their wasn't much wrong with this place, I'd like to come here more often if I could. But I probably won't, and the reason for that as well as the 3 star review is simply because the cost is too much. A single sandwich was $15. I know this is SF, but get real guys, that's simply too much. Like another review stated, if someone else is paying, I'm all for it.
Rating: 3	Review: Chicken sandwich was dry and very underwhelming. Greek fries were similar. Would have felt better about it if things were less expensive. I would suggest you just stick with their frozen yogurt which seems popular enough.
Rating: 3	Review: I had the salad with lamb. Tasted fine, but wasn't anything outstanding and lacked in flavor. I also tasted the frozen yogurt topped with baklava and that was pretty tasty. Overall, the food is just ok and I would only return for the frozen yogurt.
Rating: 3	Review: This place as not what I expected. To me, Greek food is chunks of feta, romaine lettuce, and creamy dressing. That wasn't the case here so if that's what you're looking for I wouldn't go. The leaves were all kale, I'm not  sure what the cheese was, and the dressing was very light and not your normal Greek dressing. The only upside was that the grilled chicken was good, but there wasn't much of it in my salad.
Rating: 3	Review: This review is about the service.  I came here with a friend Tuesday evening, about 10 minutes before closing time (10 PM).  We ordered our food, sat down, the food came, we started eating.  In every other establishment I've been to, if it's past closing time, the wait staff would clean up around the guests and say, "No rush, take your time."  But not here.  The hostess informed us that we'd have to leave soon.  Mind you, we weren't just chatting and lingering.  We were working hard on chowing down our food.  Unfortunately we had to get up and leave, while my friend was still chewing, and ultimately he did not get to finish his chicken sandwich.  There were still people in the kitchen, so it's not like all the staff had left.  May I suggest, if you're going to throw the doors wide open at 10 PM when it's 50 degrees and freezing outside and be generally unwelcoming to the late eaters, that you stop taking orders at 9:30 and change the hours on your website and door?  We understand the hostess wants to go home right on the dot, but as guests we just wanted to enjoy our meal without hurry.
Rating: 3	Review: The place was packed on a Friday night. We got the lamb salad and a few drinks. The salad was really good except the lamb was over cooked. The fries were amaaaaaaazing. Definitely get the garlic fries. The best drink we had there was the rosé. Crisp and fruity and very clean. The beer was decent too. But the fries were definitely the best part. Service was really slow (we probably stood in line for 10-15 min with only a few people in front of us) but it had great ambiance for a Friday night place.
Rating: 3	Review: This was a good souvlaki place. You can get chicken, pork, lamb or veg souvlaki. You can have any of these items also as a salad. Our group had the pork and chicken salad and the lamb souvlaki. The pork was definitely the best. chicken  was ok, lamb had a gamey taste to it, which personally I am fond of. We also had the egg lemon drop soup. Overall an ok place. You can definitely find places that are less hipster and serve better food .
Rating: 3	Review: I took the average score of our 5 person family review of Souvla.  Great variation here in ratings from 1-5 stars depending on the item ordered.  Let's start with the excellent.  All agreed that the fries were perfection and the granch was a great accompaniment. Both who ordered the salads were very happy.  Fresh ingredients, tasty, vibrant greens and lemony dressing.  The pickled onions and cheeses.... yum. I'll address the meat at the end of the review. Tangy yogurt with baklava and honey as well as the sour cherry sauce version were both winners.  The roasted potatoes in chicken drippings got mixed reviews.  The sandwiches were unremarkable mainly due to the dry and bland meat fillings.  It's hard to mess up lamb, but they sure did.  The salad perfection was diminished by the meat quality.  Since this is a mainstay of this restaurant, the failure was perplexing and stark.  After coming here, I completely understand both the 5 and the 1 star reviews I read before coming here.
Rating: 3	Review: Really cute space with very trendy Greek decor. Great that they have Greek wines and beers and even Loux soda from Greece! As for the food, the Greek fries were crispy, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned and the salad was tasty. The sandwiches not so much. We had one pork and one lamb sandwich. The pork was ok, not much seasoning to contribute flavor. The lamb was dry and seemed over cooked and I couldn't detect any seasoning. And the advertised harissa yogurt sauce was a tiny dribble at the bottom of the wrap. It was well garnished with various veggies and cheese, but that didn't make up for it. The most disappointing thing was the pita. It was cold and tasted like raw flour. In Greece they brush on some olive oil and grill the pita, and that would make all the difference. That said, the place was packed at 7:30 on a weeknight.
Rating: 3	Review: We eat a Souvla because it is convenient walk from our lunchszzssFOOD:  3 starsLamb salad comes with harissa spiked yogurt, cucumber, radish picked red onion and feta cheese $15  sandwich is $14 with same ingredients wrapped up!Chicken salad- granch dressing, roasted Mary's free range chicken, fennel, navel orange, pea shoots and mitxithra cheese $14We got the geek fries which is delicious! Olive oil, lemon juice, parsley and mixithra cheese. Comes with Hardas spiked , minted garlic, or branch dressing ! $5Ambiance: 5 starsClean  and simple, niceSince there are usually lines, it may be difficult to obtain a seat to eat.
Rating: 3	Review: These guys just opened up yesterday. I didn't know they had other businesses in NoPA and Hayes Valley until I looked them up to write a review.The space was very bright with lots of colorful tile and a good amount of tables. The also had a long counter which I appreciate since I usually dine solo at lunch. There was a glass window to see all the meats actually roasting too.My co-worker went on their opening yesterday and suggested coming in. Today I went with a buddy during a rainy lunch. We both ordered the lamb sandwich which is served a decent sized piece of pita bread. The meat was a mix of juicy and somewhat dry pieces of meat but there were a lot of fresh tasting condiments in the sandwich liked pickled onions, yogurt, cucumber, and radish. The pita was a little on the tough side and I have a thought on that.So my buddy ordered right before me and to his sandwich within a couple of minutes. So I figured I'd get mine in the same time since I ordered right after him. But I had to wait a good 10 minutes until my sandwich was ready. They did apologize and said there was a huge order that came in but I believe that affected the pita since it wasn't that warm and that's why it was on the tough side. It'd must make more sense to kick out the small order before the large one.It was a bummer because my buddy was in a rush and my order made him on the late side. Finally, it wasn't cheap. The sandwich came out to $14+ with tax I didn't get a real value here. I'll definitely give it another try and I hope I they work out the kinks from the first days of being open.
Rating: 3	Review: I like the place. My favorite was the outdoor seating especially on the weekend where you can watch people in the busy streets. I liked their feta fries but had higher expectations for their sandwiches. We had the chicken sandwich and it lacked taste. Maybe additional sauce would make it on point. Good customer service. But overall not bad.
Rating: 3	Review: Not my first time here and had always found the food consistent, healthy and loved their frozen yogurt. Those things were still true today. However, we were greatly disappointed and put off by the interaction with the cashier today. We had put an online in because we were struggling to find parking. Actually found parking a few minutes later and arrived. Seeing that the restaurant was pretty much empty, we asked the checkout guy to see if it was possible to switch to dine in. He answered shortly with a cold stare "No." We kindly pointed to the outside table or asked if we can then cancel the order and do dine in instead (since we put in the order less than 5 minutes ago and the food was not prepared). No friendliness, no customer service vibe, just a cold "No you can't." Then eventually looked super reluctant and with the same cold stare told us we are allowed to sit outside. "Just an exception for you but normally no". We didn't mind the policy at all, if you really can't accommodate us there are a million ways where that can be communicated without making your customers feel super awkward and uncomfortable. Some basic people skills and verbal/nonverbal communication skills should be taught. It really ruined our appetite.
Rating: 3	Review: I love the frozen yogurt here but you have to watch the pour or you will find a golf ball size void in the middle. Get your $4 worth. Get it!
Rating: 3	Review: Bought a chicken sandwich right at opening and I'm fairly certain the meat was from the day before or older. There was so much potential for greatness, and I've heard such positive things but for a $12 pita sandwich, I expect fresh meat. Fries were dressed up frozen fries ($4). I liked them even if I kept thinking "I can make these at home". If I'm in the area (and I will be!), I'd come back to try the froyo, but not the food.
Rating: 3	Review: Got the chicken salad with fries atop and the baklava honey Greek yogurt. Chicken was dry and no flavor. Salad was ok, but could taste a little bit of bitterness in the kale. The baklava yogurt is so delicious. Wouldn't go outta my way to come back here. Maybe for the yogurt.
Rating: 3	Review: It's ok.... not really worth the long lines. Over cooked meat, very hard to chew.  Staff is.... somewhat friendly.   Try Ali Baba.
Rating: 3	Review: This review is only for the Greek yogurt. Stopped by here to get some yogurt on a scorching 90 degrees SF day. The place was pretty packed. It is a very small space so I can see it getting packed at lunch/brunch time. I ordered a wildflower honey yogurt. The yogurt itself was okay- Rich and creamy, not tart enough though. And then a ton of honey was poured on it. The honey was extremely thick which made it hard to eat the yogurt as the spoon would constantly get stuck to the honey. When I ordered it, I was thinking that the honey would be  inside the yogurt and not poured on top of it. And even if you are going to pour it on the top, reduce the quantity.
Rating: 3	Review: 明亮的地中海风格，清新的食物，冰凉的座椅，组合成一种奇妙的体验。进店先点单，选择猪/鸡/羊其中之一，搭配墨西哥卷饼/沙拉，简单方便。- Superior Farms Lamb Leg Salad $15羊奶酪，黄瓜，樱桃萝卜，豆苗，罗马生菜这几样常见配料口感脆爽，融合巧妙。但是有一个不知名的深绿色菜叶实在可怕，又老又硬，还占据了大部分地盘... 羊肉粒很柴，分量还大，瞬间拉低了对整份沙拉的印象。- Frozen Greek Yogurt (Greek Sour Cherry Syrup) $5超赞的酸奶，细腻浓稠。稍微点缀一些樱桃糖浆，清爽不甜腻。量大实惠，别错过~
Rating: 3	Review: I've always got the yogurt but finally decided to try the food out and sure was a mistake. This place is definitely over rated and extremely pricey. Not sure how I spent $27 on an extremely bland sandwich and potatoes. I got the lamb sandwich which I would not recommend getting unless you like the taste of grimey meat. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars or ever come back is for their yogurt. Also the tables were made of this copper/brass material which gave a really yucky smell.
Rating: 3	Review: Used to be one of my favorite places and would be ok paying a premium price for a salad....However, the last time I went for 2 salads, one order of fries, and one ice cream was over 50 dollars with tip. Yikes! The salad also had significantly less meat.  The interior was empty and cold. Service seemed rushed and annoying. I may stop in for an ice cream in the future - but going to move on
Rating: 3	Review: I think there's definitely room for improvement for this review in case I come back. I ordered some Greek fries to go because I was starving. I've had Souvla from the NoPa location and the food from that location was delicious. The fries from this location didn't have as many toppings as I expected like the NoPa location. I can update this review though once I have a full meal at this location. But 3 stars for the fries.
Rating: 3	Review: To be fair, I had takeout, and takeout generally isn't as fresh as if you were to eat it at the spot. With that said, I just wasn't a fan. I had a lamb sandwich and it tasted kind of bland.It's been very difficult to find inexpensive, quick food in SF that has consistent quality. Wanted to try them out but I don't think I will be ordering from here again. But try it for yourself!
Rating: 3	Review: I love souvla frozen yogurt with baklava but somehow they manage that each location tastes different. The yogurt here is creamy and high fat where I miss a bit of sourness. The baklava is very sweet and overall it wasn't as good as I remembered it to be. I'd skip it next time for this location.
Rating: 3	Review: This may be an unpopular opinion but I think Souvla is just okay. I think it's overpriced for what you get and it doesn't feel like quality food to me.The service is always good, but make sure you know this location gets crowded. The inside is cute and there's seating indoors and outdoors. We ordered the chicken and lamp gyro, both with fries on the side. We liked the lamb more than the chicken, but both of them were average. The fries were good though. I'll have to try the dessert next time, I know the yogurt is very popular.
Rating: 3	Review: Why was there a mandarin orange and sprouts in my gyro!? And why was it boiled pulled chicken with no flavor!?!? Send help. This is not the Greek food I want. Ever. Again. With that said, the pita was soft and the yogurt sauce was good. Only redeeming qualities.
Rating: 3	Review: $20 for a vegan lamb sandwich?! Where's the rest of the meal? I mean it was tasty, but ffs, I'm still hungry and out twenty bucks. Taste 5 starsValue 1 star
Rating: 3	Review: We've been wanting to try Souvlaki for awhile, and finally went with a Doordash delivery. We got a chicken and lamb sandwich, Greek fries, and the baklava frozen yogurt. Unfortunately, everything but the fries were pretty disappointing. The lamb and chicken in both the sandwiches were dry and the flavors were mild and not very tasty. Having been to Greece and having eaten the gyros there, my standards are probably unfairly high. However, I've had better gyros in the states and this is one of the poorer ones I've had.The fries were pretty good, they were crispy and had a nice flavor to them. The baklava frozen yogurt was very strange. The baklava has a ton of cinnamon and doesn't really taste like a baklava. I've heard the salads here are good so maybe that's the way to go, but I sadly cannot recommend the restaurant and will not be eating here again.
Rating: 3	Review: This place has been on my bucket list for a while, so I finally decided to try it today (23 July 2022).  Personally, I didn't enjoy my lamb sandwich ($16).  I thought the lamb meat was a little bit too dry for my liking and it was lacking in flavor.  I kept needing to add hot sauce to spice things up a little bit.  The Greek fries ($5) were terrific.  It came out hot, crispy and flavorful.  It was probably some of the best fries I've had in a long time.  I order a side of the minted Greek yogurt sauce (extra $1) and it paired really well with the fries.  I would definitely recommend trying the fries and yogurt sauce without a doubt.  The frozen Greek yogurt with the baklava crumbles and honey syrup ($8) was really refreshing.  They add a lot of crumble in the cup and the combination of the tanginess from the frozen yogurt along with the mildly sweet crumble was quite nice.  I'd come back just to have that alone.It's a fast casual restaurant, so you just order at the door and they will give you a number and pick a seat.  Water is self-serve at a dispenser.  The food came fast and the workers were quick and attentive.
Rating: 3	Review: Just moved to the city and this was one of the first restaurants a local told us to try out! We've now had it twice in the matter of a week. Overall I'll give it 3.5 stars. Chicken was the clear winner here!5/5 - Chicken Salad (Extra $1 for greek style w/ fries!)5/5 - Chicken Wrap 5/5 - Fries5/5 - Baklava yogurt 3/5 - Juicy Potatoes 2/5 - Lamb Salad 2/5 - Lamb Wrap Great experience for both in-dining and take-out.Let's start with the positive: First time we dined in- I ordered the chicken salad and hubs has the chicken wrap. The salad was PHENOMENAL. The flavors were perfection with the dressing and mixed greens with the mandarin oranges. I finished Every Last Bite. Hubs loved the chicken wrap too.We also got a side of fries and the juicy potatoes. The fries were incredible, the juicy potatoes on the other hand were just not for me. Super gamey, so it was off putting. Second visit we decided to try take out after an amazing experience dining in. We decided to go with lamb this time - so we did the salad the sandwich this time. I did the salad "greek style"...Yikes. The lamb salad was SUPER gamey, I tried to stomach it but it just wasn't for me. The lamb is chopped up and not like typical gyro meat. If you're used to that style (which I am)- you may not like this. I ate around the meat of my salad. The dressing was fine but I could taste the "gamey-ness" in every bite and it was such a turn off. The greek style fries on top were delicious, but again I couldn't get over that taste!!!! For $18 it was a huge let down for me because most went in the trash (and I HATE wasting food...)My husband felt similar towards his wrap but he still finished it. Lastly! We ordered the baklava yogurt for dessert and WOW, worth the $8.69. Tart and creamy with a crunch and sweetness that is just amazing. Unfortunately I went to bed with a bit of a stomach ache. SO, that being said... beware of the gamey flavor of the lamb in these offerings because it is potent and not for everyone. I lost my appetite completely from this. For now on, I'll stay with the chicken based items because it was so flavorful and nothing like the gamey lamb, and top it greek style with the fries!Also, the take-out was well prepared and still warm when we got home, so that was a plus. The packaging was made well, with a modern and clean look- which I appreciate for the entire "experience" we paid for. Cashier was also very kind.
Rating: 3	Review: There's something to be said about consistency and Souvla is consistently pretty ok except their frozen Greek yogurt, which are consistently excellent! The flavor is a little lacking and the protein is usually dry. Service is quick, and they're pretty fast to bring your food to you except the froyo which you see them prepare in front of you. For the price and portions it's not the best but it's consistently an option. But at the end of the day I'll always go for their froyo
Rating: 3	Review: People always rave about this place so I finally decided to stop in. I did enjoy the flavours and the tenderness of the pork was spot on. The "sandwich" is actually a pita wrap so don't expect easy sharing and it was overly oily for my taste. I would suggest getting the salad with the dressing on the side because it was drenched. I'll check it out again now that I know how to order and will update the review accordingly.
Rating: 3	Review: Spectacular frozen yogurt! Cannot get enough of this stuff. The baklava and honey toppings are *chefs kiss*. Cool ambience and fast service as well. However, their food is a bit underwhelming. Got takeout for dinner on a Thursday night. Fries got the group's approval but the other dishes (veg salad, veg sandwich) were pretty underwhelming. I love love love lamb and am partial to mediterranean flavors so I was stoked to try their lamb sandwich. When it arrived I found there was an abundance of meat (heck yeah!) and it seemed well-dressed. Unfortunately when I actually got to eating it, the lamb didn't have too much flavor and there was basically nothing else inside the pita- all the feta crumbles and other things were decorative and on the outside. I ended up dressing it up with some homemade greek salad to give it a little liquid since it was pretty dry. I will 100% be returning for their frozen yogurt but I doubt I'll be eating anything else. Maybe I would have had better luck with their other dishes or at a different time.
Rating: 3	Review: Ordered the vegetable wrap. Overpowering smell of olives. The wrap was good, but something about the potatoes and olives flavors coming together did not come off well for me. Would not order again. Workers were very friendly and my order was prepared promptly.
Rating: 4	Review: overpriced but the greek frozen yogurt with cherry syrup and baklava is a must! fries were good too
Rating: 4	Review: Came here after dinner for the frozen greek yogurt right before closing! There were only a few people left so we're able to sit comfortably and enjoy a spacious restaurant to ourselves. It has a nice, aesthetic interior with a small outdoor seating area that extends onto the sidewalk.I shared one cup of Baklava crumbles and honey syrup frozen greek yogurt which was $5. I initially thought it was expensive but it came in a pretty big cup, and was actually a good size for two people for dessert after our meal. Baklava is a rich, sweet dessert pastry filled with nuts and was crispy and crunchy, it went so well with the greek yogurt. It was a bit warm too and the subtle sweetness was a nice combination with the greek yogurt.I've had their main entrees before but not at this location, and I remember it being great. So since the frozen greek yogurt I had here was pretty good, I'm sure they have other good stuff. So I'm excited to come back again.This place isn't really a restaurant, but you order at the counter and they bring your order to you. It's a fast, casual dining spot, that isn't too expensive and it's something nice if you want a quick place to eat or a place to hang!
Rating: 4	Review: Gotta love souvla! Highly recommend any of the salads, personally I like the lamb. You HAVE to have the yogurt with baklava bits, it's too die for!!
Rating: 4	Review: Excellent Greek food. I had the lamb salad and it was delicious. The lamb was tender and there was no fat on the meat. It's well seasoned and roasted to perfection. I will be back, and I highly recommend to family and friends. I hope they open up a cafe downtown SF!
Rating: 4	Review: My wife and I came here and had the Lamb salad, and sandwich. IMO the salad is better, it comes with kale and romaine, and the dressing is delicious. You can also get a really tasty frozen yogurt.
Rating: 4	Review: The place was super lively when we came on a Saturday night. Their menu is pretty simple, the main is either (pita) sandwiches or salads with pork, chicken, lamb, or veggie as the main protein. I got the chicken sandwich, which was filling and yummy. The chicken was tender and flavorful and I liked that there were orange slices for the topping. For dessert, I tried the baklava and honey frozen greek yogurt. It was tasty, but I wasn't a big fan of having the baklava crumbles mixed in, it was a little too sweet. I heard the one with olive oil and sea salt is a must try. Interior is modern and nicely decorated. It's pretty much a hip fast food dining spot. There's decent seating inside and outside. Service was quick and friendly! I enjoyed the food and the casual atmosphere. Def looking forward to coming back!
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla is a classic, and this location is more spacious than others. Yes, the wraps and bowls are delicious but: the fro yo. Oh man. You might think olive oil and salt on yogurt is repulsive, but trust. If you're a sea salt chocolate person, come on over to the future.
Rating: 4	Review: Lamb kebab is fresh and very juicy. Loved their side salad-lots of feta cheese, veg, olives and flavors. Greek frozen yogurt is delicious.
Rating: 4	Review: Came here on a Tuesday at 5pm and there was no wait! We ordered at the counter and seated ourselves. They have the option for four different meats in either a sandwich or salad. The sandwich was tasty, with fresh tomatoes and crumbled feta cheese. The pork was well seasoned and the portion size was decent. I also got the Greek yogurt with baklava crumble that definitely lived up to the hype. My friend got the oil and flaky sea salt on the frozen yogurt and it had a unique taste, definitely not for everyone. Both of us are not picky eaters but it was too salty and not a great combo in our opinion. The place is pretty pricey--sandwich was near $16. Would come back for the froyo!
Rating: 4	Review: I have eaten here only twice. It was amazing both times. I ordered the veggie wrap and fries both times. Also had some frozen yogurt for desert. On point! I can't wait for COVID to be over so they reopen....
Rating: 4	Review: I've heard so much about Souvla and have to say: their frozen Greek yogurt is completely worth the hype! It was tart and creamy, yet refreshing and light, and not to sweet. Better than ice cream, seriously. The pork and lamb salads, however, were a bit of a let-down for me. I needed to add salt and hot sauce regularly and, while I loved how much protein was included, the meat was a bit dry. The salad was mixed well but the flavors were a bit muted for my taste. Given that it's a fast-casual place, I'll probably be back to try their sandwiches! They also have outdoor seating so it's a great place for pets and people-watching.
Rating: 4	Review: Truly some of the most amazing food...but expensive.  Then add the fact that they charge for plastic silverware and won't pass out cups...I've seen much better customer service.
Rating: 4	Review: The chicken sandwich was pretty delicious and easy online ordering. I wasn't sure I was going to like the mandarin pieces and other toppings but it was really fresh and lovey. Good pita and chicken.
Rating: 4	Review: I love that they have outside seating and I can bring my dog and sit out there. The water/silverware is self serve, but I love the no-frill aspect of that. Overall, great little spot for a yummy bite!Souvla has become a favorite of mine for when I want Greek. t I crave their Greek frozen yogurt. My go to is always their lamb salad bowl - super delish! Their fries are also super yum!
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla is really delicious. They only have a few things on the menu, but that is just because they have mastered what they are good at. I have ordered the chicken, pork sandwiches, and this is because they have me coming back. The baklava and ice cream is also to die for and I definitely recommend checking it out! Both locations on Valencia and Hayes can get crowded, but the line does move fast. My only complaint is that the serving size is a little small for the price. But this doesn't stop the demand. I will be back again!
Rating: 4	Review: Not much to add here..just a reminder to self that this is awesome, healthy, fast-food done well.
Rating: 4	Review: Came here on a Tuesday before the dinner crowd and there were a few seats open. My friend ordered the chicken salad and I got the pork sandwich. Both were super good! I do feel like there's more food for how much you're paying in the salad though. We also got some of their white wine which was fairly priced for how much you're getting. Come here early before the crowd hits for window seating on a nice day!
Rating: 4	Review: Four of us ladies for lunch this past Wednesday.  There's plenty of seating here with mostly high bar stool level tables.  We chose one of the two standard tables that sat four.I've been to the Souvla on Divisadero St.  Same concept here.  Order at the counter; pay; get an assigned number; and sit down.Water dispenser is available.  This time I went with the lamb sandwich rather than the lamb salad.  Also ordered the fries.  Good serving size and crispy fries.  Given a choice between the sandwich and the salad, I'd go with the salad next time.The sandwich was very good.  Wrapped falafel style.  It wasn't til I had about six bites that I finally got into the lamb.  Plenty of cubed lamb.  Talk about anticipation.Fortunately we got there around 11:30am. We left within the hour as people were in queue.Metered parking on the street.
Rating: 4	Review: We love Souvla! It's excellent Greek food at a very reasonable price. The menu is simple - chicken, pork or veg (white sweet potato) in either a sandwich or salad. The salads are super fresh and tasty with romaine lettuce, Dino kale, pickled red onion, baby heirloom tomatoes and cukes. The chicken and pork are moist and juicy. The veg sandwich is actually pretty good too.
Rating: 4	Review: I'm a huge fan of restaurants that have fast service and casual environments that serve quality food and Souvla meets all of those requirements! This location on Valencia was super nice to go to on a weekend because the vibe was just there, you know when you just feel at ease its got that kind of vibe. In terms of the menu, it's actually quite simple, you can order a dish in either salad or sandwich form from the following selections: pork, chicken, lamb, or veggies. I opted for the lamb sandwich with a side of greek fries (garlic heaven). The pork sandwich was HUGE and very succulent and the combo with fresh veggies was divine. Will definitely be coming back to try the greek yogurt.
Rating: 4	Review: Quality ingredients, healthy but delicious, and reasonable (by SF standards, anyway) prices. I've been to Souvla a few times and so far tried their Chicken Salad ($15), Greek Fries ($5), and their Frozen Yogurt ($4-5). The fries and frozen yogurt are to die for - the fries are perfectly crispy and flavorful, and the frozen yogurt is so refreshing. The chicken salad is also very solid - fresh, healthy ingredients but still very delicious.Definitely worth a try.
Rating: 4	Review: i really really enjoyed my lunch at this little spot! their menu is simple, but that's honestly one of the things i liked most about it! you basically pick a protein and then decide whether you want it as a salad or a pita wrap, which i really liked because i typically ask to get my sandwiches/burgers over greens as salads anyways!i had the lamb and my grandfather had the pork and we both opted for salads. they were HUGE and while it isn't the cheapest spot, i feel as though i got a bang for my buck. lots of meat and lots of toppings, i wish there was a liiiiiitle more spice and flavor but it was still delish. my grandfather loved his as well.additionally we each had the famous baklava frozen greek yogurt! it wasnt traditional baklava (i'm greek so i'm picky) but it was really yummy! i do wish it had either been in a bowl instead of a cup, or that they put baklava on both the top and bottom, because i ran out of topping pretty fast and had a lot of yogurt left over!overall though a great spot for a healthy, filling lunch and definitely worth a try!! quick, convenient, and delish i'll be back for sure next time i'm in the bay!
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla is a bit pricey - about $13 for a sandwich. With that said, their ingredients are fresh. This place is an office favorite. My usually order is the chicken sandwich.
Rating: 4	Review: I've been to this location and the one in Hayes Valley multiple times, and I have to say the biggest contributing factors to this positive review are the atmosphere and the frozen Greek yogurt. Those two factors make me want to give this spot a 5, whereas the meal itself is also somewhere around a 3.5 for me. My main issue with the food isn't so much of a problem, but rather lack of "wow" factor. It's solid food that I always appreciate, but it never fully blows me out of the water. The lamb is definitely the best meat of them all. The "sandwich" (really just a gyro) and the salad are about the same to me - I just get whatever I'm more in the mood for. I never feel bad about myself after eating this because it feels vaguely healthy and the portion sizes are just right. I also never totally feel comfortable with the $12+ I spend on a okay meal - especially when I could've had my socks blown off at a better, cheaper place in the Mission. Meanwhile, the frozen Greek yogurt (and the ease and proximity to my apartment) keeps me coming back here again and again. I am such a huge fan of the texture and taste (was a huge Go Greek when living in LA) of frozen Greek Yogurt, and Souvla does it so well. I like it all ways that it's offered - with honey, with olive oil & salt, and with the cherry syrup. My favorite might controversially be plain, though. I find the honey gets oddly hard when in contact with the cold ice cream and there's always a little bit too much salt for my taste with the olive oil. The atmosphere is also really nice - casual enough to hang out with almost anyone while also nice enough to impress almost anyone. You could bring parents, Tinder dates, visiting friends, and work colleagues. Anyhow, I'll be back here again and again most likely. I'm still waiting to be impressed by the food here, though.
Rating: 4	Review: We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning and had a decent meal.  We found quality sandwiches and friendly, fast service, but a bougie atmosphere and high prices to match.I had the lamb sandwich (really, a pita wrap), which was quite flavorful.  My husband had the chicken and egg breakfast sandwich (again, actually a pita wrap), which was tasty and unique.  We also had coffees, which were standard and nothing to write home about.The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable, and patient.  The food came out quickly.The setting is super modern (hardwood floors, subway tile on the walls, copper cookware as decorations - the whole nine yards), and not exactly  warm and inviting.The prices are steep for what you're getting - our meal was $31 - more than what one expects to pay for a couple of shawarmas and regular coffees.Overall, a decent spot.
Rating: 4	Review: The Covid pick up was easy peasy, parking since the street in front is blocked off was a different story. Either way, fast efficient and same great taste!
Rating: 4	Review: I really love their frozen Greek yogurt especially with the baklava I had the kale salad and it was good  very yummy and fresh. The prices are a bit higher but still good none the less. I definitely recommend the Greek yogurt.
Rating: 4	Review: I'm a fan of Souvla! The interior of this location is bright and cute - there isn't a ton of seating so you may have to linger and wait for a table to open up during the busy hours. There aren't large tables in there either, so not the best for a large party.On to the food - I tried their chicken sandwich was delicious. I loved the dressing, cheese, and surprise ingredient of navel oranges. It's a refreshing dish and if you love greek food, this will hit the spot. I'm definitely coming back to try their salads too. Knocking a star off because the chicken was a little sparse in my sandwich and didn't have the best flavor on its own. But overall, the sandwich was good because of all the other delicious fillings. Note: it's more of a pita wrap not an actual sandwich.Make sure to save room for their baklava froyo; it's to die for! The yogurt is tart and creamy which is perfectly complemented with the super sweet syrupy baklava. I've never been a huge fan of baklava because of its intense sweetness but it goes perfectly with a tart yogurt. Highly recommend checking this place out!
Rating: 4	Review: Spent the afternoon at Dolores Park and decided to find a quick bite close by and came across Souvla! Tasty Greek wraps and salads but with a twist. I've only been to the branch on Valencia St. and loved the bright interiors, high seats and tables, and enjoyed the touch of having the rotisserie in plain view to watch the chicken being roasted! The food menu is pretty straight forward with 4 meat/veg options which you can have as a wrap or a salad as well as some side options.  I tried Mary's Free Range Chicken as a wrap which was filled with tasty chicken, pickled red onion, pea shoots, crumbled mizithra cheese and to top it all: pieces of navel orange which gave the sandwich a burst of freshness and sweetness. If you are looking for a tasty wrap (or salad) with a twist this is the place to check out.
Rating: 4	Review: Finally tried the famous Greek frozen yogurt with baklava crumble and honey! I was pleasantly surprised by how smooth and tart the froyo was -- not overly sweet and a refreshing change from what I'm used to. The baklava and honey combo helps add a bit of sweetness but I do wish there was a tad bit more honey. Overall so yummy and a nice portion size
Rating: 4	Review: Can't go wrong with some souvla. Had their chicken salad when they first opened up a couple of years ago and wanted to try out their lamb salad version. The lamb was soft, moist, and juicy. The kale that it came with was a little too hard for me (maybe a little massaging would have helped it soften lol). Overall a solid choice. For dessert I had their baklava w frozen yogurt. If you wanna try something small of theirs try this-  I like that the yogurt isn't too sweet since the baklava is sweet enough.
Rating: 4	Review: Great atmosphere, quick friendly service, and healthy food. I ordered their chicken gyro and baklava greek yogurt after seeing them all roasting in the rotisserie. The yogurt was creamy and tasty and the baclava added yhe right sweetness. The wrap had great presentation and was soft warm and left me feeling healthy. My only qualm is it had no spices or kick at all.(i blame all the local techies who think mayo is spicy) I added some of the hot sauce they had which helped tho.
Rating: 4	Review: Omg their frozen Greek yogurt is so good!!! I got it with baklava. The Greek yogurt had the perfect tart flavor and it went well with the sweet and cinnamon flavored baklava. It kinda tasted like a pie together. With covid, you order online and there's a line to pick up. I can't wait to come back to try their other toppings with the frozen Greek yogurt and the actual food!!
Rating: 4	Review: Chicken salad. Fries. Chicken lemon soup. Baklava frozen yogurt. Lamb sandwich. All so very very good!! Definitely check it out!
Rating: 4	Review: Went here with some friends to grab a causal bite to eat for a late lunch.After perusing the menu, I decided to go with the chicken salad. I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of chicken it came with and that it paired so nicely with the kale. That being said, it definitely needed a kick of something so I added some hot sauce, which really hit the spot.Definitely a decent spot to check out in the neighborhood if you're craving something fresh and healthy.
Rating: 4	Review: I needed somewhere low key to eat with my family this past weekend, and happened upon Souvla (Mission Location), which was perfect for a quick bite during lunch! This was my first time visiting this location on Valencia, but the food is just as tasty as the Hayes Valley location. My fav all star item is still the Greek Froyo with Baklava Crumbles and Honey ($5), but the sandwiches are also quite tasty. The most popular option amongst my group was definitely the lamb sandwich ($13), but we also tried the chicken ($12) and the pork ($11). The pork sandwich may have been a little dry in my opinion. TIP: The sandwiches are quite filling (and so did the salads after eyeing my neighbors) and fall on the pricier end for sandwiches, so you can always ask them to cut it in half and share! Or just take the other half to go and get yourself another meal out of it.
Rating: 4	Review: Nice clean environment. The menu is quite straight forward with options easily laid out. Tried salad and roasted potato in meat dripping. Salad came in a bowl with substantial portion. Flavorful and really enjoyable until the last bite. The roasted potato were alright, but I did not felt the meat dripping made significant impact to the taste.(it also cost quite bit) Will probably suggest to stay with just the salad. Worth trying the place out if you are still thinking about it.
Rating: 4	Review: Amazing place good wine, good froyo with delicious sea salt and olive oil, wrap or bowl it is great here. Love the orange slices. Only complain, it's hard to get a seat and some of the veggies are pickled, which is too acidic, would love it to be fresher.
Rating: 4	Review: Packed and popular the yogurt ice cream and salads here are amazing. I felt the space was quite small and I usually see a line out the door, finding a table has proved to be tough from my experience, but the food is good so I'd take it out to go!
Rating: 4	Review: ** The following review reflects my takeout experience DURING the COVID-19 pandemic. **I tried their original location on Hayes when they first opened about five years ago, and honestly my most vivid memory was how crowded and chaotic it was. Recently I was walking on Hayes with my mask on, and that's the one section where I had to walk out into the traffic to maintain any semblance of safe distancing. I passed by this particular location during the hours when they closed off the block. Still crowded but much better probably because the pandemic has forced all proprietors to tape off sidewalks to specify where you wait to order, where to pick up, and.......where to stand if you're idly waiting. OCD sufferers can rejoice from the geographic specificity as can I as a newly minted hypochondriac. Surprisingly the order window was open when I was there, so I walked up and flashed a peek at the menu to remind me of their choices. The masked staffer was as cordial as he could be, and I decided to order the $16 Lamb Salad. As I stood in my identified section of the sidewalk, I was trying to recall the last time I had lamb since I don't eat much red meat anymore, but the prospect sounded good to me.When I picked up my order in good time, I carried it on my long walk back to SoMa. When I opened the box, I was pleased as there was plenty of tender leg of lamb mixed with slices of radish and cucumber, pickled red onion, harissa-infused yogurt, and crumbles of feta cheese, all on top of a bed of kale and green lettuce (photo: bit.ly/3bvRG5z). It was probably not the healthiest takeout option I could have purchased, but it was certainly satisfying. Perhaps Souvla is the one operation that would benefit from the discipline required of the pandemic.FOOD - 4 stars...it's been a long time, honey lambAMBIANCE - 4 stars...didn't see the inside but they were taking all the necessary precautions outside SERVICE - 4.5 stars...made the most of a difficult situationTOTAL - 4 stars...oompah!RELATED - In the mood for Mediterranean? Here's a collection of places I've tried and reviewed: bit.ly/2Evmcwa
Rating: 4	Review: Should you eat here? Yes. I used to come here all of the time (once a week at least) but got out of the habit during the pandemic because they were closed for a long time.Last week I came back and had a lamb salad, which felt like healthy(ish) comfort food. The menu is very basic. There are four items, lamb, chicken, pork or yams. You can have them in pita form or salad form. All meats are spit roasted hypnotically in front of your very eyes. There are potatoes that catch all of the drippings or you can get french fries. There are giant cups of tangy fro yo with cherry or baklava toppings. For some reason these are served in classic NYC deli coffee cups. I am from NY and this is endearing for me. The menu never changes, so sometimes I get sick of it and have to take a break. But I always come back. Now my kids love it too. There is an outpost of Souvla in almost ever neighborhood in SF. The food is wildly consistent. And always delicious.
Rating: 4	Review: Came here on a whim on a Friday night in search of a quick dinner and was not disappointed! I've been to another location once before just for their frozen Greek yogurt which was one of the better ones I've tried other than Fraiche in PA; tastes like actual yogurt and not over sugared milk. Now I avoid gluten and dairy so I had to make modifications to my order, but I don't think I was missing much. We got a lamb salad, a chicken salad, and shared an order of the Greek fries without cheese. All were pretty tasty; I was surprised how good the fries were considering the size of them because they were almost as big as steak fries and I am not a fan. The chicken was much juicier and had more flavor than the lamb, but I just wish they included some of the chicken skin so we could taste more of the seasoning. Next time I'd be willing to try the $20 whole rotisserie chicken with sides cause that seems like a better deal.
Rating: 4	Review: Great food! Not a lot of options but really tasty greek food. The place is relaxed and casual for a night out with friends. Great saladas, great ice cream andgood rose
Rating: 4	Review: What can I say about this place? The waiters are nice and it's located in Valencia street. Today I got my favorite fro-yo with olive oil and the attentive waitress suggests me to get a combo of olive oil and honey, and that's really good!
Rating: 4	Review: Cool concept! Fancy fast casual, if that's a thing? I had the lamb salad, side of fries with the garlic dipping sauce (best seller according to the cashier), and a glass of the bubbles. The portions are very generous as I had to take half of my salad home. Pretty pricey at $73 with tip for dinner and drinks for two.
Rating: 4	Review: Frozen yogurt, yum!!! I have yet to have anything savory at Souvla and I know it's a popular spot so it's probably all good but I'm all about coming here for the frozen yogurt. The Plain is delicious and the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup one is perfect for when you need a sweet treat. Definitely the pick-me-up I need when I'm looking for a meal replacement that doesn't feel like too much of a guilty pleasure! Will be back again soon!
Rating: 4	Review: Pros: Soulva's sandwiches, salads, fries, and frozen Greek yogurt with toppings are tasty, fresh, and delicious. When I'm eating those things, I'm thinking yum! They're expensive but we live in SF and the quality of the food (except the soup) is good, portions are filling, and the staff is friendly. Cons: The avgolemono soup contains a couple of skimpy pieces of chicken and two tablespoons of mushy rice for $6 so skip it. The roast potatoes are eh and make me daydream about real Greek lemon potatoes. The food tastes flavorful but not specifically salty going down, but I am always guzzling water a couple of hours after eating there, so it's salty. It is not authentically Greek: all the flavors are watered down, less potent and flavorful, and the meat is lean. The fact that they call the food Greek, have black and white photos of an old Greek Marlboro man, and fake NY bodega coffee cups insults my intelligence but it seems "fake" authenticity is trendy.
Rating: 4	Review: I went early during dinner hours and thought service was quick and nice. While I waited for my sandwich, however, I had to ask for their guest wifi because for whatever reason, the reception inside was nonexistent (not really a problem, but something to note).As a first time Souvla eater, I thought the lamb sandwich was delicious. The meat itself was a little cold and the vegetables to be a little hard to manage, but otherwise tasty dinner.
Rating: 4	Review: The lamb salad ($15) was hearty and surprisingly a sizable portion compared to their wraps. Since I had been craving greens, it was just what I had been looking for. The lamb was flavorful but I'd be interested to try out the chicken one next. I'd probably ask for dressing on the side next time since there was too much dressing for my liking. I should've passed on the 250mL pour of rose ($11) but what's a Sunday brunch day without a drink? Even though I was pretty stuffed, I just had to make room for the baklava crumble & honey frozen Greek yogurt ($5). I already had my eyes set on it at the start of my meal. We grab the frozen Greek yogurt to go and headed towards Dolores Park nearby. Food was delicious, the line moves quickly, and there's plenty of seating. For a pay at the counter type restaurant, it's a bit on the pricey side but overall it's a delicious healthy alternative in the Mission District.
Rating: 4	Review: Simple tasty menu. Salads are big and bountiful. Soft serve with cherry or honey topping good f-ing god
Rating: 4	Review: I finally got a chance to come by Souvla for dinner Sunday night. My fiance and I each ordered a chicken sandwich. We also shared a side of greek fries and a frozen greek yogurt. The chicken sandwich was a spin on the traditional gyro. The pita bread they used as the wrap was quite thick. There were a lot of healthy fillings, including oranges and pea shoots. The chunks of chicken were pretty big but too dry for my taste. I felt like there could have been more dressing too. I added hot sauce to almost every bite to get everything more moist. The sandwich would have met expectations of a healthy, light meal. (3/5)The greek fries were well seasoned (olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, and cheese) and the perfect crispness without sacrificing the fluffy potato insides. I did not taste the lemon though and the cheese was not overpowering. (4/5)The frozen greek yogurt is the thing to come to Souvla for. We chose baklava crumbles and honey syrup. The greek yogurt itself is just slightly sour. It was very creamy and smooth without feeling heavy. The baklava crumbles had a nice chewiness and the honey syrup was just sweet enough. The two sweets on top of the greek yogurt made it all taste just right. I definitely recommend getting one of the frozen greek yogurts! (5/5)
Rating: 4	Review: The salad was delicious. A little pricy for just a salad, so I probably wouldn't go back.
Rating: 4	Review: So I have never been to this place BUT we order their salad and fries for delivery a lot. We love the chicken salad, sauces and fries. I get the salad plus sweet potato and the greek yogurt and spicy sauce. SO SO good!!!
Rating: 4	Review: Really yummy spot - I have thoroughly enjoyed Mary's Free Range Chicken (sandwich and salad) and the Roasted White Sweet Potato Bowl each time I've gotten it. As SF pricing goes, this place is not too bad. However, finding a table during peak hours can be a pain - you order at the counter and then get a number that you display at your table. Regardless, I would recommend Souvla for an upscale casual meal.
Rating: 4	Review: My first time trying a proper Greek gyro and it didn't disappoint! Those pork gyros are so filling with all the fresh veggies, feta cheese, tender meat, and soft bread! The garlic fries also complemented the meal really well.For dessert, get the Greek yogurt with baklava and honey!! This one was so, so good that I can see myself coming back even just for that!Overall love the ambience of the place. It's kind of an elevated fast-food set up. Prices are a bit steep but we left so full and satisfied!
Rating: 4	Review: I couldn't decide what I was going to have for lunch today; It was either going to be a sandwich that was too big, a burrito that was too big, so I stumble down Valencia Street and came across this joint.I had a roast pork shoulder salad that that was just amazing. It was filled with kale, iceberg lettuce, cucumbers, pickled onions, feta cheese and lots of juicy pork shoulder. Turned out to be the perfect lunch I was looking for. They will be getting to know me because I will be back.
Rating: 4	Review: The chicken salad is one of the best available around, so is their chicken wrap sandwich - bith generously deizzled with olive oil. So not a regular option. Dined at a couple of their locations in the city and also got take outs, consistent taste and service. Presentation of food is also inviting. Fries are yummm. The only item that we did not like out of what we have ordered so far is the Avgolemono soup, it needs some more balance of flavor and texture. Will return again for our salad fix.
Rating: 4	Review: Really nice place! Good food, fitting ambiance, friendly staff. Just wish it had more than one bathroom. Overall an enjoyable experience.
Rating: 4	Review: Tasty fast casual Greek food in the Mission!Met with friends for lunch here on a recent weekend, and I was pleasantly surprised. I guess there's a lot of hype with this restaurant, and after visiting I'll say that I'm a believer. The food is delicious! The menu is pleasantly simple: just choose a type of meat (pork, chicken, lamb, or veg) in your choice of either a sandwich or salad. Queue up to order and pay, receive a number to bring to your table, and the waitstaff will deliver your food.I got a lamb sandwich, which comes with harissa-spiked yogurt, cucumber, radish, pickled red onion, and feta cheese wrapped in soft, warm pita bread. Add some of their hot sauce (you can be liberal, it's not that spicy) and you're set. Despite being pretty crowded, we eventually found some space at their outdoor high table. Since it was hot out, I ordered their Greek iced tea to go with my meal. Refreshing! Some friends enjoyed their Souvla Greek beer, which came in a blue glass bottle. Cool. To finish off the experience, I fell back in line after the meal to order a frozen Greek yogurt with olive oil and sea salt. It was interesting and different, something I hadn't tried before. It was quite good, but I found myself fiending for their baklava crumble and honey syrup version to really satisfy my sweet tooth. Perhaps next time, I would definitely come back again. Give em a try if in the area!
Rating: 4	Review: Good combination of price/portion size/convenience. Chicken is juicy and delicious (a bit more greasy than I would expect, but I guess that's why that it's juicy. I went here a few times and never had a long line.If you really want to go all out, try the frozen yogurt. It's pretty darn good!
Rating: 4	Review: Clean. Consistent. Crowded. Whether you are dining in or ordering take out, Suvla is a really easy place to come and go to. I had the lamb wrap and french fries (w/granch dressing) and it was delicious! It is a bit messy to eat, but it is so filling! One suggestion that I noticed a lot of people doing is ordering the Greek yogurt while waiting for their food because they do not want to get back into the long line. Instead just pay for the Greek yogurt, keep the receipt, and when you are finished with your actual meal return the Greek Yogurt to a worker and they will get your Greek Yogurt!
Rating: 4	Review: Chicken sandwich and Greek fries are delicious and fresh. I got the yogurt and it was ridiculously sour, the crumbles were good but didn't make it our the sour taste. I would come back for the sandwich and possibly try the salad
Rating: 4	Review: Can't go wrong with souvla.Love the salads and the sandwiches here, but the price has gone up. Tried all salads and sandwich except the vegetarian.  Never had a bad salad/sandwich, you'll never be disappointed. The fries are also delish. If you want a quick healthy lunch or dinner that'll fill you up, Can't go wrong with souvla.
Rating: 4	Review: Came across this place while visiting Dandelion chocolate and it did not disappoint. Clearly we were on a dessert run and saw this place with having frozen yogurt with baklava on top! The frozen yogurt is very smooth and creamy. It tasted like the yogurt was yogurt but cold. In a way felt like I was eating something healthy (in a good way.) The baklava crumbs and honey did complement the yogurt well. I just wish there was more. Can't wait to try more of what they have to offer!
Rating: 4	Review: Place is nice and clean and the food is good. Had the chicken wrap and everything tasted fresh and healthy. It did get really packed in there. But it was St Patrick's Day Weekend...
Rating: 4	Review: Good ambianceBut food was little bit blend if you like more flavorful taste you might not like it.We had sweet potato veggie wrap.
Rating: 4	Review: Warmly sparse, bright space, five-ish items on the menu, I wasn't immediately sure what all the fuss is abt given that at first glance everything sounds tasty but not mind boggling, a mistake I realized as soon as I processed "roasted white sweet potato with kalamata olive, toasted walnut" and "pea shoots and kale" in the same sentence, followed shortly by "frozen greek yogurt with olive oil and flaky sea salt". Swoon. Whether you're going veg or carnivore, the options are quite similar - lamb, chicken, or pork is paired with greens, a bit of yogurt sauce, something acidic (tomatoes, pickled onions), balanced with a bit more dairy (feta, mizithra), if you're sans protein, sweet potatoes add substance and walnuts are thrown in for crunch - whether you have it as a salad or roll it in a pita, it's glorious. If you're hangry, get the wrap, making the whole thing a touch heartier - or go for a salad +  juicy potatoes (drippings, starch) to ensure maximum fully belly, though the salads solo are relatively satisfying. The "Greek fries", while decent, aren't anything to write Athens abt. Gets wild around peak meal times. Seating limited. For the win, take it to go and stroll to Dolores for optimal people watching, returning later for the Greek fro-yo, which has to be one of the best things I've put in my mouth. Ever.  Tart, smooth, bearing none of the chemical/gritty qualities that many associate with anything swirled from a machine.Sandwiches and salads $10-14, sides $2-6, greek yogurt $3-5. Simply lovely. Will be back.
Rating: 4	Review: Popular place for lunch on Valencia Street. My friend and I went on a Sunday afternoon, and there was a short line. Quick service though. Most tables were filled, yet we were able to get a spot- in front of the heated rotisserie oven on a 80 degree day, haha. My friend got the rotisserie chicken salad, and I got the lamb salad. The chicken is more flavorful with its marinated juices. The lamb was a bit dry. I'll be getting the chicken next time. Both salads had a good variety of fresh ingredients. Prices are in the typical SF range at around $15. And that's city livin' for ya, folks. I've been to their Hayes Valley location and got their frozen yogurt previously. That's also good.
Rating: 4	Review: Got a chicken salad. It was ok, looked and tasted dry. The bowls they come in for here kind of make me lose my appetite. Might be a personal preference. A nice ceramic bowl would be ideal. Fries are weird cause they taste like old oil and their "granch" is a $1, should be free in my opinion. I have been here a couple of times now.
Rating: 4	Review: This review is just on the Greek Yogurt. They have food-food here too though, like wraps and salads!Their Greek Yogurt comes in a huge cup, and can be had with a variety of toppings. My 2 other friends and I shared the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup. We just came from a huge meal, so us 3 sharing one was definitely more than enough. If you're coming with a not-so-full stomach, I definitely can see 2 people sharing one order.The Baklava crumble was cinnamon-y and very sweet, but paired with the tart and creamy greek yogurt, it cuts the sweetness a bit. However, as big as my sweet tooth is, even I thought the baklava was a little too sweet. The texture of the crumble was kind of paste-like, so it wasn't all that mixable. Nonetheless, I thought the yogurt as a whole was pretty good. The star is definitely the greek yogurt. It wasn't icy at all, and had the right amount of tartness to it.I'd give it around 3.8 stars because it lacked a bit of a WOW factor, but it was still really good! Maybe if I tried some of the other toppings I'd bump it to a full on 4. Definitely a unique dessert in the area!
Rating: 4	Review: I've done daytime meetings (great orders for snacks to share), romantic glass of wine and snacks, and girls' night here. All were easy and fun. They once made a little mix-up with the order, but immediately were apologetic and made it up to us. Definitely a neighborhood gem.
Rating: 4	Review: Feeling something healthy and satisfying? Souvla is the place to go! I like this location cause it doesn't get as crowded.Their chicken salad is a well crafted feast, with lots of fresh ingredients, my favorite of which are the orange slices, which give the salad a little bit of sweetness and tang. And the salad is customizable as well. I like to order with kale instead of lettuce and dressing on the side to control the calories.
Rating: 4	Review: Their lamb and chicken salads are my go-to favs. They are always a haven when you crave for Chicken, lamb, and baklava yogurt. Quick, high quality, plenty of seating -- all these worlds resonate with this place.
Rating: 4	Review: Pretty fast food considering how crowded the restaurant is. I got the chicken sandwich, which was pretty delicious. Love the "Granch" sauce, absolutely fantastic. The chicken was also really flavorful and hit the spot. The pita wrap was also soft and just what a pita should be. My complaint, for $12 I am expecting more food and variety. The oranges in the sandwich, however, were perfect as well.
Rating: 4	Review: I like that the menu isn't over-saturated with a bunch of options. Choose the meat and choose if you want it in a sandwich or a salad. I had the lamb and the boyfriend had chicken. Both were delicious and portion-wise, they were huge. Kind of pricey, but with all the meat they stuff in the sandwich, it makes up for it. We also shared a side of Greek fries. The fries were cooked and seasoned well. Place is nice and clean looking. Line was long but not too bad. I enjoyed it and don't mind coming back.
Rating: 4	Review: One of my fave spots in the Mission. My destination for Mediterranean salads in the hood. The chicken or lamb salads are my go-tos and the Greek yogurt for dessert. Very generous portions and the food is always consistent
Rating: 4	Review: First thing first, I love how the menu is direct and simple. This really helps me or anyone who is indecisive when it comes to picking what to eat. I came here on the weekend at 6 and thankfully, my friends and I grabbed the last table before it got jammed pack. The way this restaurant works is you order at the front first and then they give you a number and you can go and find a table. So maybe have a friend grab a table first while you order if it looks kind of busy--this way you'll for sure have a table to eat later, instead of standing. I love how you can either order what you want in a "sandwich" (looks like a wrap) or a salad. I got the lamb salad and an order of fries, but the cool thing here is they actually have an option where you could add in some fries to the salad as an extra topping to "make it greek" My salad was huge that I could not finish it. My sister ordered the chicken salad, also with an order of fries, while my friends ordered a lamb salad, wrap and chicken lemon soup. The soup was not for me because it was kind of tart. But the chicken salad was amazing. Normally, I don't like fruits in a salad or sweets mixing with savory because it throws off my entire pallet, but I tried a bite of her salad with and w/o the orange slices and it definitely tasted alot better with the fruitsThe greek style frozen yogurt with baklava is a must try! I really wanted to try the Olive oil and honey lavender as well, but I was way too full at this point to engorge into 2 froyos. This was my first time trying baklava and it was super chewy and I felt like I was eating a thanksgiving pie--which I loved! Down in the center, they added honey to make the frozen yogurt even more flavorful. I will definitely be coming back to try their other froyos and salads!
Rating: 4	Review: Came to this location for lunch on a Monday noon hour expecting waiter service mentioned in the amenities.  Two of us ordered at the counter. Food was brought to our table instead.  We split the pork sandwich in thick flour wrap with Greek fries.  Good and fresh ingredients.   Also ordered the chicken salad to split. Excellent taste and plentiful.  For dessert, we had the baklava and honey frozen yogurt.  Place can get crowded at the noon hour. We were not rushed.  Good place for a quick meal.  Great customer service.
Rating: 4	Review: I'm not too fond of Greek/Mediterranean food (ok I love hummus) but I was actually impressed with the details. Picked up the food to go for work and the items were organized in nicely labeled packaging. After opening somewhat a complicated box, low and behold I was looking at a piece of art. The wrap looked so beautiful with fresh veggies sticking out ever so slightly. The lamb probably could used a little more sauce but that pita was the star with the veggies a close second. That pita bread alone I would come back for. It was so "fluffy I could die"!
Rating: 4	Review: If you love Greek food and are looking to grab a quick bite to eat, Souvla is a great option. With its crisp and clean decor, and easy to read menu, it is a perfect example of another San Francisco staple. This Souvlaki inspired food joint serves excellent sandwiches and salads, along with beer, wine and killer frozen yogurt. Try it out and I'm sure you won't regret it.
Rating: 4	Review: Actual rating: 4.5 starsWe were visiting from LA and wanted to initially visit Souvla solely to try their Frozen Greek Yogurt. This was AMAZING. I love tart yogurt and had never had anything that tasted so smooth.  The baklava on top was perfection for those who don't mind adding a few calories to something that's otherwise fairly nutritious.  Since we already had dinner plans, we decided we would come another day to try the food. We ended up coming the next day to grab an early dinner.  We ordered a chicken salad and gyro both with the pork base.  It was delicious!  My wife and I both enjoy Greek food, but never came across a restaurant that served Souvlaki meat in LA.Guess what? We came a third time the next day.  The ambiance is great and service is quick. Evenings are fun, as a bunch of people grab a glass of wine or glass of Greek beer while enjoying some of their food. We really wish there was somewhere like this in LA. The value of the meal was good and will definitely come back next time we are visiting SF to try the other meats since they unfortunately do not let you sample any of the meats.
Rating: 4	Review: Broke my no-dairy streak a couple weeks ago for the Baklava flavored one and it was worth the try!The baklava was truly what made the yogurt shine, because for me at least, the yogurt was a bit too tart. But I was pleasantly surprised at how filling it was, because the cup looks small but they really filled it up all the way. And Greek yogurt is thick so I think it is worth even trying once :)
Rating: 4	Review: Went here with my wife, daughter and mother-in-law. We all loved the food. We had lamb, chicken and veggie gyros (separate types). Those who drank wine got a LOT of wine, and enjoyed it. Service was great. Everyone was helpful and efficient. The seating was limited, like the Hayes Valley version. But it is not yet overly crowded like that one. I don't think we'll go to the restaurant too often since I can't make a reservation and get seating for the fam, but I will order out.
Rating: 4	Review: Their frozen yogurt deserves one million stars. IT IS SO GOOD. I'm not kidding that it's the best greek frozen yogurt I have had in my entire life. It is the perfect level of tart and when you add the baklava crumbles it is magic in your mouth. I would drive from Redwood City just to have some of this heavenly yogurt. Heck, I live in Chicago now and I'd fly there just to have some of this exceptional yogurt except I'm scared of planes so I won't.I usually pair my magical yogurt with their greek fries. They're so nice and crispy and the feta cheese is delicious. I've had a salad here before and didn't really love it. It was good, but not something to rave home about. Pro tip from my husband: If you can't decide between the baklava crumbles and the sour cherry, ask them for a little cup of the sour cherry flavor on the side. You can have the best of both worlds!
Rating: 4	Review: Where would I be without Souvla's Chicken salad ?! It's a little expensive ($16.50) but ends up being 1.5 meals so it's worth it . The chicken is always fresh, moist , so flavorful. The granch dressing is DOPE - creamy but very light. The greens always hit the spot and you have to get this Greek style (scoop of fries on top of the salad for $1!).The portion for their side of fries is almost exactly the same amt and that's $5 - make it make sense.I get this salad easily once a week - it's the perfect lunchtime meal. Pro-tip - buy their hot sauce bottle ($8)! It goes good on EVERYTHING.
Rating: 4	Review: As soon as I learned about the Frozen Greek Yogurt with Baklava, Souvla instantly was bookmarked.  But before I could get dessert my friend and I came here for dinner, which I think was even better!You order at the counter and a server delivers your food, as Souvla is a casual Greek eatery with table service.  I ordered the Lamb Salad and shared Greek Fries with my friend.  Our food came out very quickly, and everything looked yummy.  What I was most pleased with was how much kale you get in the salad!  They definitely don't skimp out on the greens, so was happy to see they have quality greens in the salad mix, as there was romaine lettuce with kale.  The lamb was also very tender and cooked to medium rare, and loved how light yet flavorful the entire salad was.  I would happily order this again.  The Greek Fries were also good, as they were extra crispy and liked that they were handcut, with much garlic and lemon flavor.  The only minor issue was that it was a tad too oily, but nonetheless - it was still good.  And though we were full after our dinner we were determined to get the Frozen Greek Yogurt with Baklava, which was incredibly flavorful.  As soon as you take a bite you're immediately hit with how lemon-y the frozen yogurt is.  The Greek yogurt was very good, and highly recommend for anyone who likes Greek yogurt since it has that same distinct sour taste.  But have to say - the baklava with, was unnecessary.  It wasn't bad yet the texture was very grain-y and I probably would've liked it better had the topping been more mixed in versus scooped on to the side of the yogurt.  Next time - I most likely would get the yogurt by itself, as it's so flavorful on its own.  Service was wonderful.  Our server who was also at the register checked in with us, as we were sitting at the bar next to the front.  He also saw me put my sweatshirt on when I was there, and said that he could shut one of the doors of the entrance if I was too cold, which was such a thoughtful gesture.  They also serve Greek wine here!  If I hadn't been drinking three days straight then I totally would've ordered some booze, but glad to know it's available for next time.  Souvla is a great spot for Greek food.
Rating: 4	Review: Besides enjoying the best pastries in the city, I'm always out and about attempting to find the best prepared food items under $10 with no tips. I had previously tried Souvla's yogurt with baklava topping, quite good for the price:$5. Today I tried the pork sandwich. Unlike a burrito that's stuffed  with rice and beans, their wraps are stuffed with meat and vegetables. Definitely a better value. And they don't skimp on the meat. This is what I call good decent filler food. Good value for the money. They're now on my permanent food roster which is quite a high honor.
Rating: 4	Review: Baklava and honey syrup topped frozen yogurt??Yes please!!I've always had a soft spot since the Pinkberry crazy started nearly 15 years ago and I'm always looking for the perfect balance of tart greek yogurt without that strange chalky after taste on the tongue. Came in for lunch and had the chicken and pork salads. Salads were fresh and delicious; chicken was significantly more flavorful than the pork one. I wouldn't come back out of my way for their meats but that froyo.... its divine. And perfect!5 stars for the froyo and 3 for the food 4 star average!
Rating: 4	Review: I was able to try a bunch of things when I came, and here's the rundown. Their sandwiches are a bit dry. Flavor isn't too bad but it definitely needed some washing down.Their salad is a joy to eat. Crisp veggies balance well with the meats.Their fries are great for snacking and have great flavor. Probably my top choice.Their baklava frozen greek yogurt is top notch. The textures complement each other very well and the flavors really cleanse the palate after the meal.
Rating: 4	Review: Cute chain throughout SF. A little let down with the sandwiches. They are a bit dry and nothing I'm raving about, but I'm a return customer because of the nice ambience and solid lunch spot. I do love the baklava soft serve!!
Rating: 4	Review: I met a friend here for dinner because it was recommended by another friend. I've never heard of it and I didn't know what to expect. I ordered the Chicken Salad and it was so good! There were so many different flavors and textures going on, it was fun to eat! It was so big that I took leftovers home for another meal.  I was able to order the dessert with my meal and they allowed me to pick it up after I finished eating which was so awesome of them. That way I didn't have to wait in line again and my Frozen Greek Yogurt with Baklava did not melt while I ate my dinner. The Baklava was a nice touch to the Frozen Greek Yogurt. The sweet, gooey, yumminess was a nice end to our meal. If that wasn't enough, we still went down the street to get some BOBA from Boba Guys! What a great night!
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla has become a stable in the fast-casual business of SF. With several locations in the city, Souvla continues to have a never ending line of patrons eager to enjoy their freshly made salads and delicious yogurt. Yes, the lines can sometime get a bit overwhelming and seating may be tough, but how can you resist those damn greek fries? over and over their chicken salad continuously brings me back. Do yourself a favor and order the greek fries with a side of dipping sauce. Their fries are the perfect amount of crunchy and well seasoned. If you're in a hurry, perhaps considering ordering to go since sometimes during peak hours seating can be such a drag.
Rating: 4	Review: Entree salad portion is big enough for 2 people or 2 meals.  I got the lamb salad, it was so good!  Fries are really good too, but if you like your French fries crispy, you'll probably want to ask if they can fry them a little longer for you.
Rating: 4	Review: Stopped by this Souvla on a recent weeknight and left very impressed! The location on Valencia is awesome and the setting of the restaurant is just plain vibey. I love the concept of fast food in an elegant setting. The food was great - not traditional Greek, but tasty meats and creative toppings. The Greek fries were BOMB. Additionally, the service was friendly and we got our food quickly! I will definitely return.
Rating: 4	Review: The lamb sandwich, along with a side of their froyo, made for a nice light meal. The sandwich came out pretty quickly, and I pretty much devoured it within a few minutes. I would recommend adding the "hot" sauce for a slight bit of more flavor. The sandwich itself wasn't too filling, so you may want to order some froyo to supplement it. The baklava frozen yogurt does make for a great dessert!
Rating: 4	Review: Love their veggie salad and Greek yogurt! Extremely filling and tasty, even if shared amongst two people. The tartness of the Greek yogurt really gets your appetite going. I call their fries, salad, and frozen yogurt combo the holy trinity for good reason.
Rating: 4	Review: Came here on a Monday night after dinner to get the Greek frozen yogurt as dessert. We got the olive oil and sea salt flavor and asked the staff to add honey to it. The olive oil and is definitely very interesting. As you eat the frozen yogurt, puddles of olive oil will ooze our and you have to eat it together. The sea salt made the yogurt taste savory which was a weird taste... so if you are trying this flavor, I recommend adding honey to it, which brings back the sweetness of the dessert.I didn't really love this particular flavor, but the yogurt itself without the additional toppings was actually really good. It's very light but satisfying. I wish I could try the other flavors! Interior: very spacious seating and it's pretty dark at night.
Rating: 4	Review: The lamb sandwich leaves something to be desired, but the frozen Green yogurt (with baklava crumble), slaps. In fact, the dessert alone saves this from what would otherwise be a 3-star review. Came here on a recommendation from a friend. The TL;DR--if you want quality Mediterranean/Greek food, look elsewhere; the options are abundant in this area. I was underwhelmed by a lamb sandwich that was too small, and not altogether that flavorful. And for $16, I needed something more substantial. The side of garlic fries was small for the up-charge of $5 and not terribly garlicky. Come here for the dessert alone. There is something about how the sweetness of the baklava cuts the bitterness of the Green yogurt just right. They really nail this. It's a bit pricey at $8, but worth it for the journey it'll take your taste buds on.
Rating: 4	Review: I like the pork salad a lot. If I get it for lunch, I usually have enough to eat some of the leftovers in the late afternoon. I just wish it weren't so expensive, about $15 w/ tax, before tip. The frozen yogurt is very good.
Rating: 4	Review: I was really excited to try this place. It was pretty good for the lamb salad, but the sweet potato was a little disappointing to say the least. I know Souvla has been on the forefront of the fancy-waiterless place and it seems to have worked out all the kinks. Food came out really quickly! The lamb salad was packed with lamb and tons of veggies. I probably could have saved half of it for later. My wife's sweet potato wrap was less awesome, as it basically had huge chunks of sweet potato and not nearly as many other vegetables. We also got the frozen greek yogurt, which was tasty but a little overrated. The honey was tasty but ended up freezing into a taffy (which was still really good). There wasn't quite enough baklava topping- they only put it on top instead of integrating it throughout the yogurt. I would go back if I wanted some tasty lamb in the mission, but with an eye on how expensive it is!
Rating: 4	Review: Loved the lamb salad, thought the avgolomeno was average and the iced tea was awful.So now I know how to order and so do you.5 stars for the lamb salad. It was filling, well balanced, and everything everyone else has already said. 3 stars for the soup. Do not fool yourself into thinking it'll make a light lunch. I'm all about the light lunch and this isn't it. It was $6 for a watery lemony bowl with one bit of shredded chicken and a very small amount of rice. Super meh. 0 stars for the tea.  If you order iced tea be aware it's going to come in a bottle. I missed that part somehow. The brand they gave me tastes like @....
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla has basically one of the best salads around. Sandwiches and sides are good, too, but the salad is noteworthy for its ability to fill you up and not make you feel like you are just trying to eat healthy.
Rating: 4	Review: Anytime I'm in the Mission and have an appetite for frozen yogurt, I always hit up Souvla. I have tried the baklava greek frozen yogurt and the sour cherry greek frozen yogurt and I'm obsessed with both. It is so delicious and unique, I highly recommend trying it at least once. My boyfriend didn't like it but I have no idea what is wrong with him, I could eat it almost every day. Just know it is a big portion of yogurt, so maybe split it with a friend if you're not super hungry and don't want to throw half of it out.I've only tried the other food once and I got a salad with pork. To be honest it was just fine. The pork was dry and unappetizing so I kind of ate around it but the rest of the salad was whatever too. My friends seem to love this place though, so maybe it was just an off day! I would be down to give the food another chance.
Rating: 4	Review: I've had every salad here, and they're all solid. My go-to is the lamb, but the other meats - chicken and pork shoulder - are good, too. All of the meats have been executed nicely, never dry. I've also  had a sandwich before, and it was probably tastier than the salad...but I'm trying to keep it healthy.The yogurt is decadent and delicious if you want a dessert.Staff is friendly and do their jobs well. The times I went, they even poured water for us, even though it was self-service.Overall, the food is good, but not spectacular (but it is fast-casual after all). Filling and tasty. Meats are cooked nicely. All salad bowls are mixed well. Souvla is an enjoyable, solid, fast-casual spot, especially if you're in the Mission and just need to grab a quick bite.
Rating: 4	Review: If you're expecting authentic Greek shit this isn't it. That said, it's relatively healthy, non greasy, and the fries are pretty exquisite.
Rating: 4	Review: I ordered the chicken sandwich, which is pretty much a no frills chicken wrap. I like how there's a lot of veggies in the wrap but the breading can be a bit thick to eat by itself. You seat yourself with your order number and the food is served to your table. The interior gives a sort of Mediterranean vibe. Water is also self-serve.
Rating: 4	Review: Overall: In the world of fast-casual eats, Souvla comes out on top for fresh food, an open and spacious location, and kind service. Worth trying for a quick, affordable meal while you are on the go. Location: For a fast casual spot, Souvla has quite a bit of seating, and you can usually find a spot to sit.  It's also pretty spacious. Food: While my husband loves Souvla's salads (he prefers the pork salad), I frequent for the frozen Greek yogurt. It's not too sweet, not too tart, and perfect to grab on a nice day. My only comment, though, is that the frozen Greek yogurt with Baklava and honey is way too much for one person. If you are alone, get one of the other flavors!
Rating: 4	Review: Baklava froyo is so good. Love at first bite. I loved the tang of the froyo and the froyo itself is not too sweet. I do think that the baklava though is sickingly saccharine! I wouldn't call it crumbles. More like honey drenched baklava ball. I would have preferred if it was crispier and lighter rather than sickingly sweet and dense. Environment is nice -- fast casual light and clean. Also prices are very reasonable here ... just $5 for the froyo and $11-13 for the wraps. I am a fan of their other location so I would definitely revisit here or there again.
Rating: 4	Review: With Yelp at my side, I've forgotten the simple joy that comes with walking into somewhere with no prior knowledge and being delighted with the results. We'd originally planned on getting ice cream at Bi-Rite, but I saw people walking past with these giant cups of yogurt and decided I had to have some. There was a line for Souvla that went out the door, but it moved quickly. In addition to their delicious frozen Greek yogurt options, they've got real food too, from lamb to pork, which can be made into a wrap or a salad. The price is also not bad at all, considering you get a heaping cup of frozen yogurt for $5, when a tiny little cup from Smitten will cost the same. The yogurt has that classic tartness but is also thick, and combined with the sweetness of honey, it's a great refreshing summer dessert. I actually didn't like the baklava crumbles that much because they made my ice cream a bit too sweet - it actually would've tasted great without any add-ons. There's a good amount of seating inside at the tables, with families enjoying their Sunday afternoons. Tasty, (kind of) healthy, and has a lovely casual vibe. Definitely going to stop by again for some of their Greek fries!
Rating: 4	Review: Stopped in for a light lunch with a friend for some salad and fries. Hey! It's all about balance right? We decided on the Mary's Free-Range Chicken Salad and Greek Fries to share. The lovely person at the register overheard us and offered to split the salad into separate bowls for us, which was a great and convenient gesture.Grab a number after ordering and wait for your food at the table. Food arrives in a decent amount of time. Greek fries are delicious, thick cut fries and topped with olive oil, lemon juice, oregano and mizithra cheese. They have a slight crisp on the exterior and a soft interior. The Chicken Salad comes with fennel, navel orange slices, pickled red onion, "granch" dressing and mizithra cheese. Delicious and the chicken is so juicy! It's definitely a warm salad to keep in mind, but light.Love the brightness and cleanliness of the interior. Service was friendly and quick. Definitely a great place for a quick bite or for a small lunch with friends or even solo.
Rating: 4	Review: The yogurt is good but not the best froyo I've had,I got the side of chicken breast that was a no for me,and was way to big, I had to do takeout. Don't get me wrong,they're froyo is not something you can find everywhere, not like yogurtland, menchies, etc. I recommend you get honey or baklavainstead of plain Greek yogurt, it really brought out the flavor for me.also, I do like they're veggies and salads better than their meat.
Rating: 4	Review: Hidden in the middle of the block, with a small sign, so make sure to pay attention if you're looking for this place. Definitely felt an "earthy" environment when I first walked in, fairly clean, and reasonable amount of seating area both inside and out. The menu is pretty limited, in a good sense because it makes decisions easy. I like how you can make your meal into a wrap or salad, with added sides if you choose. It's important for me to find restaurants with a healthier option/ alternative. We went with the chicken salad and a lamb salad. Both were really good and exceeded my expectations. The portions look big, but they are perfect enough to fill you up! Both salads came with a olive oil vinaigrette and a specialty dressing. The yogurt dressing with the lamb was a thick consistency, but a settled light taste (really good).
Rating: 4	Review: Never have been a big fan of Greek Food, but this place has changed my mind!This location is in the Mission District and there is only street parking available. It offers both indoor and limited outdoor seating.Their menu is pretty simple and their main items are  sandwiches, salads, fries, and soft serve greek yogurt.My order was the pork sandwich and fries with the greek yogurt dipping sauce. Fries were very fresh and crispy. The dipping sauce complimented the fries perfectly, a must-try! As for my sandwich it was pretty big, it included meat and very fresh veggies that were yummy. I would reccomend using their hot sauce, it makes it 5x better! (If you like a little bit of spice)Prices are normal sf food prices. Customer service was friendly and fast!Definitely would come back to try their soft serve greek yogurt next time!
Rating: 4	Review: Tip: you can ask to have your salad separated into two bowls for sharing. The sharing bowls are small and cute!I like their lamb salad, fries, and looove the baklava! My only complaint is that I wish there was more veggies to balance the amount of lamb meat. Taste-wise, this is one of my favorite salads.
Rating: 4	Review: Fast casual is totally my thing nowadays.  You can get a tasty meal at a reasonable price in a short amount of time.  It's perfect for when your evening plans revolve around something besides eating, but you still want to get a quality meal in before/after.  Souvla is pretty high up there in terms of food quality, atmosphere and value!Chicken Salad: I'm not a big salad guy, but I love their chicken salad!  Mainly because it is loaded with tender rotisserie chicken, cheese and creamy dressy.  But also because the pairing is brilliant.  The chicken is a bit rich both in terms of umami and saltiness.  The bitter kale, sweet oranges and tangy pickled onions all do a great job of offsetting that intensity.Lamb Sandwich: Their rotisserie lamb is so much better than that mass produced gyro-loaf which is sold at some many pita shops.  It manages to have crisp firm exterior and medium rare interior.  Also, love the doughy pita that is so much fresher than those frisbee-like pre-made pitas from a plastic bag.  The generous dose of feta cheese was perfect so I didn't miss having a familiar yogurt sauce.
Rating: 4	Review: solid food. came during lunch on a sunday and it was pretty busy. modern decor. good staff. would definitely come back. the veggie sandwich was really good
Rating: 4	Review: I tried the pork sandwich wrap, chicken sandwich wrap, fries, and baklava frozen greek yogurt. Total was over $40. I enjoyed the pork wrap more than the chicken wrap. Fries were just okay.. probably because it was served lukewarm but I bet it would be good if served hot. I also enjoyed the tartness from the Greek yogurt. Imagine Greek yogurt but frozen. There's outdoor and indoor seating now. I would only come back if I'm in the area, but overall, if I go back, I'd just go for the Greek yogurt!
Rating: 4	Review: After reading the other Yelp reviews, I decided to try Souvla's frozen yogurt for dessert, and it was worth the hype, in my opinion. I had the frozen yogurt with baklava. The baklava itself was not very good--it just tasting very sweet and syrupy. However, the tartness of the yogurt was absolutely perfect, and I think it worked with the baklava's sweetness. If I visit the area again, I would probably go back and try the other frozen yogurt flavors!
Rating: 4	Review: Low 4 stars - great delivery experience, pita/fries/sauce were super tasty, but the meat is not the best quality.CAVIAR DELIVERY: We ordered at noon on a Wednesday, and despite warnings that this was a busy time for Souvla, we got our order within 30 minutes! Plus delivery was free.* Lamb Sandwich (w/ 3 oz. extra meat, $17.00) - 3 starsThe meat had a weird texture and wasn't too fresh. We ordered extra meat but wouldn't have had we known it would come in a tupperware on the side (vs in the pita). The pita is fluffy & soft, the yogurt sauce tasty.* Chicken Sandwich (w fries, $14) - 3.5 starsThe chicken had a lot of cartilage and bones! It was a bit dry too. The fries were perfectly thick & crispy, and the pita nice & soft.
Rating: 4	Review: Came here for desert following dinner at chic n time down the block. A SF classic, Souvla was one of the first dessert places I was taken to when I got to the city. I'm a huge fan of froyo with honey so this was right up my alley. I got the frozen greek yogurt with cretan wildflower honey. The portion size was great and the yogurt was very creamy. Overall one of my favorite dessert shops in the area.
Rating: 4	Review: Lamb sandwich  - 4 stars. Lamb was very good, sandwich as a whole was tasty.Chicken salad  - 4 stars. Greens, onion, dressing, cheese - really tasty. Chicken provided the protein.Quick ordering and quick pickup. Why only 4 stars - it is a pricey sandwich and salad, for $15ish each
Rating: 4	Review: A friend of mine from NYC was visiting from out of town, and decided to take her to one of my go-to spots, Souvla! If you're looking for a fine-fast Greek restaurant, this is your place! I usually go to the one of Hayes Valley location, but being in the Mission, the Valencia Street location was more convenient to get to. We got there around 7ish on a Saturday night, and surprisingly there was no line and even open tables! I was very surprised as the Hayes Valley location always seems crowded.I usually order the chicken or lamb salad, but decided to try the pork salad this time around. The pork salad came with minted greek yogurt, cherry tomato, picked red onion, cucmber, and feta cheese. The pork was okay. I prefer the chicken or lamb as the meat seems more tender. The sauce on the chicken salad is their special "granch" dressing, and the lamb has a harissa-spiked yogurt. There is plenty of meat and salad portions in both the chicken, pork, and lamb options. And if you're not a salad person, you can have it sandwich style. I would also suggest ordering their greek fries which is seasoned with olive oil, lemon juice, parsley, and mizithra cheese. Their fries are delicious, seasoned so well, and also goes really well with sprinking the fries on the salad ;D I have heard their frozen greek yogurt is delicious as well, but have yet to try it.It is very cost affordable for SF as well. And if there is a line at Souvla and you don't want to wait, take it to go and eat it elsewhere with a good drink :)
Rating: 4	Review: Got the veg salad. Loved the sweet potatoes in it! The other ingredients were also really yummy and fresh. The actual restaurant is really cute and bright; I love the interior! The staff is also friendly. Only 4 stars because I haven't had enough on the menu to be a good enough judge of the place. I definitely see myself coming back though. Wholesome, healthy, great!!
Rating: 4	Review: I've always enjoyed this greek restaurant. I do wish they had more seating. Service is average. Depending on how busy they are, it could take a while to get your order. We ordered two pork salads. I wish i had known how much kale there was i would have asked for it to be replaced with romaine. I ended up picking out most of the kale. If you don't love kale ask them to sub it out.Otherwise the veggies are fresh, the pork is tasty and the dressing is excellent!
Rating: 4	Review: When I went to Souvla in Hayes Vally, they really wowed me. I tried their chicken sandwich today at this mission location, but it was far from being wowed unfortunately. With that said it was still good but I think they could improve it by adding more seasoning to it. The pork shoulder that hubby got was flavored much better. The lemon chicken soup was very tasty, as always. The roasted potatoes were actually the best thing. It was soaked in great flavor, tender, and juicy. We'll come back but probably will just go back to the Hayes Vally for better experience.
Rating: 4	Review: A really San Francisco place to go to, nice salads, feels like a healthy food place, feel like it's not really a place for a group of people tho
Rating: 4	Review: Had a lamb salad to go and while the salad was yummy, the lamb was hard and dry, but that may be due to the fact that I was unable to eat it fresh. I also had their Greek frozen yogurt with baklava, which was delicious! Note that it's frozen Greek yogurt so it's quite tart, if you're not used to that kind of thing. I do wish the baklava was crispier because it was on the verge of soggy. It smells so good in there. I'd like to return and try some other menu items.
Rating: 4	Review: I love this location, among other hip stores in Valencia street, it's simply lovely and trendy. Tried their famed chicken sandwich and frozen Greek yogurt. Sandwich didn't fully live up to my expectations, I appreciate the ingredients that go into it, but the meat is too dry and quite bland. My highlight is the frozen yogurt. Picked olive oil and sea salt toppings, it sounds Greek and interesting, and I always love some salty natural flavor to balance out the sweetness in dessert. And this doesn't disappoint! Olive oil has an outstanding flavor, the sea salt and the sweetness of yogurt work really well together. Wholesome and yummy, will get this again!
Rating: 4	Review: Literally can't stop coming here lately so I thought I'd leave a review.First few times I tried their pork and chicken sandwiches, it was just too dry for me even though I kept pouring hot sauce on it. But everything changed when I got introduced to their chicken salad.I'm not usually a salad person but this is good and it leaves me with a good feeling. It's light, yummy, refreshing, and the flavors pair well with each other. The chicken, depending on when you come, can get a bit dry sometimes. But again, hot sauce is the answer to your problem.Also recommend their Greek fries with garlic aioli sauce, good to share with someone if you're both getting your own salad. The sauces (don't be fooled) are $1, but it's just not the same without it so I have to get it.Overall this location can get a bit packed sometimes, and the lack of 5 stars is mostly because I didn't enjoy their sandwiches as much, but clearly I keep coming back so definitely recommend trying it :)
Rating: 4	Review: My lamb sandwich was a bit too salty. Will try the salads and soups next because they look so good. The potatoes and fries are good as well. Like the ambience and simple menu.
Rating: 4	Review: I picked up Souvla right before going to SFO and what a great idea it was! I expected Souvla to be more fast casual, but the cute interior surprised me! It could be a great spot for a cheapish date or girls' night! I got the Pork Shoulder Sandwich for $12. The pork was very tender and juicy! The veggies (tomato, onion, cucumber) were all fresh and crispy. My only gripe is that the sandwich wasn't wrapped too tightly and fell apart about halfway through. I will say that my sandwich was a little pricey for its contents, but delicious nonetheless.I tried some of my friend's Greek Yogurt and it was so delicious! Loved the baklava crumbles on top! I'd definitely get this next time!
Rating: 4	Review: This place has great food. I just think it's slightly overpriced for what you get. The baklava yogurt ice cream is hands down amazing tho. Also, be sure to get the garlic fries with your meal!
Rating: 4	Review: Great food and clean ingredients. Their veggie sweet potato wrap and salad have never disappointed. They serve fries with right amount of crispness. I'm happy to see Mission open doors for Souvla! Downside: It's tad bit expensive and hard to find a table.
Rating: 4	Review: Ok I'm a fan again. The wraps aren't my favorite but wow the lamb salad! Chicken soup is a great consistency, a little sour. Olive oil frozen yogurt was surprisingly good! My brain still gets confused because I associate froyo with chocolate and other desserts, but this is definitely something that could grow on to me. Also I'm a fan of their interior design :)
Rating: 4	Review: MUST GET THE BAKLAVA FROYO!I'm so glad we saved some room for dessert, the fries and yogurt were definitely the best part of the meal. The yogurt is tart but the sweet honey with baklava makes it a perfect combination. The fries were yummy and flavorful. I got the veggie sandwich was good but needed some flavor to it. My friend got the lamb sandwich and thought the same. We both used the sauces to make the sandwiches taste better but would've been better if they flavored the sandwiches to begin with. Super cute place with lots of sitting space.m, we came around 1:30 during a weekday.
Rating: 4	Review: For our weekly office lunch, I decided to give Souvla another shot. (I tried a sandwich from another location and wasn't super impressed.) Our delivery order arrived via Caviar on Friday, January 18th around 12 noon.Lamb Salad: Spit-roasted Superior Farms leg of lamb with harissa-spiked yogurt, cucumber, radish, pickled red onion, and feta cheese over kale and romaine lettuce ($15)*Yogurt Dressing on the Side*Add Side Souvla Hot Sauce (+$0.50)This was so much better! (I am more of a salad girl, so I guess that makes sense.) The dish had a good amount of ingredients. And it was huge! I couldn't even finish it. And I can eat a fair amount of salad. The lamb had a nice roast and good flavor. Went well with the yogurt. I don't remember being a huge fan of the dressing, but I just ate everything with the yogurt. Kept the veggies pure and added a nice creaminess.There must be a reason they have so many locations. They must be doing something right. Glad I finally tried a salad. Changed my mind about Souvla in general.
Rating: 4	Review: As a self-proclaimed New Yorkophile, I'll never tire of Souvla's nostalgic blue & white paper cup with Greek-style boarder. And as a hopeless sweet tooth, I've often-time indulged in their Frozen Greek Yogurt, this time topped with baklava and honey syrup. Sweet complements the sour; chewy, sticky textures meld with soft ones. It's devastating to hear the hallow sound of my spoon hitting the bottom of an empty cup. We couldn't have dessert without eating something savory first -- we shared Greek fries with both harissa-spiked & garlic yougurt dipping sauces. Perfect for a late-night nosh in Souvla's dim, intimate Valencia Street locale.
Rating: 4	Review: Came to Souvla two separate times, once for dinner and once for dessert! I got the chicken wrap,which was filling but not too heavy. Felt healthy but not necessarily in a bad way. I came back because I heard that the baklava frozen yogurt was a must try. It was good, but also felt healthy, which isn't what I'm usually looking for in a dessert. The yogurt was the tart kind but the topping was really good, though it was more of a crumble than baklava. Would be really yummy if they dispersed it better throughout the cup.
Rating: 4	Review: I dropped by just for Frozen Greek Yogurt. Ordered a greek yogurt with baklava crumbles and honey syrup. The yogurt was nice, creamy, and a little sour (which is how Greek Yogurt is supposed to be anyway). Baklava and honey wasn't too rich and went well with the yogurt. If you're looking for something that's a dairy dessert and don't want to try the 500 ice cream shops in the neighborhood, check this out.
Rating: 4	Review: Their frozen yogurt is what hooked me. It's tart - not like the sickly sweet other frozen yogurts I've had. If you want, you can get it topped with baklava - wow!Their side green salad is delicious, with olives, cucumber, tomatoes, feta, kale, and romaine - except I don't understand why it's only a side dish? I order three sides at a time to have a salad the size I want. I wish they offered a bigger option.I also ordered a side of their lamb... super gross. It tasted old, like yesterday's meat that had sat around, or that it was cooked with old oil. Never again. I'll stick with their vegetarian options.
Rating: 4	Review: I have only ever been to get the frozen greek yogurt but wow it is SO GOOD. The Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup greek yogurt is my favorite. They put a ton of the baklava on top and drizzle with honey. They also have other flavor/ combinations which are good. Note that the yogurt base is more savory than sweet, a true greek yogurt but everyone that has tried loves it! Very filling.The Souvla locations are on the smaller side and usually are rather busy. However if you want to walk-in you should be just fine!
Rating: 4	Review: I love souvla and had been going to the flagship location for a while. I came here one evening about half and hour before closing time. I ordered the lamb salad and fries. I usually get this exact order, but unfortunately my lamb was a bit dry. Next time, I'll probably try the chicken or something. It was also over-dressed so I had a hard time finishing it.It was still a light meal, and most of my fullness came from devouring the fries. They closed before I could order a yogurt. No matter though, there's always next time.
Rating: 4	Review: Updated: After my huff they fixed the problem. Good on them! You can't order online via phone. You can't call them. When you arrive you can't get a chicken until 6 pm. Which Could you see if your time if you had been able to contact anybody order online. When drive there, fight traffic and park, you get there they tell you that you can download the Caviar app and order that way or you can download their proprietary app to order that way, it's just seems too ridiculous to get  a chicken that you now have to wait an hour for. It's good but not that good.
Rating: 4	Review: Stmbled upon this little sweet gem. Good food, great simple menu and options. I opted for the chicken pita sando. Oranges, fennel, pea tendrils, rotisserie chicken and sauce. Filling, yummy, could have used a hint of seasoning or a little more sauce. I drenched it in hot sauce to make it . Follow up with the Greek yogurt and sour cherry and I'm satisfied.
Rating: 4	Review: Salad was decent, baklava greek yogurt was AMAZING
Rating: 4	Review: LOVE this place for casual yet delicious meat and veggie-packed Mediterranean food!This location is right on Valencia among all the shops and is perfect to stop for lunch to dine in, or take to-go for a day picnicking out in Dolores Park. The menu keeps it pretty simple with a few spit-fired proteins to choose from such as pork shoulder and free-range chicken. You just pick which you want and choose whether you want it in your salad or sandwich (which I think they should just call a pita wrap for clarification).I opted for the pork shoulder sandwich to take to-go ($13). I gotta say I was a bit iffy on the price since it didn't even include any sides (+$5), but it was surprisingly filling! The pita was light and fluffy and big enough to hold all of the stuff inside. Everything including the salty feta, pickled red onions, cucumber, and cherry tomatoes all added to the flavor and great texture of the wrap. They were also pretty generous with the amount of pork shoulder that was all throughout the "sandwich." The meat was mostly tender (only slightly dry), but not greasy. For a carb meal, it's surprisingly light! I'm also glad they put their take-out in a box in addition to wrapping it in paper--if I was at the park, it would definitely be nice to catch all the toppings that fall as you eat (and maybe bring a fork). Overall I was impressed by the food here! I love Mediterranean food and love that it's pretty light yet filling with meat, veggies, and pita. It's a bit pricey at $13, but I would definitely come again because they do a solid job!
Rating: 4	Review: After a night out in San Francisco, my body needed something nourishing. My friend and I were walking around the Mission and found Souvla for lunch. For a fast casual spot, this was overall quite enjoyable. The line moved quickly and I thought the atmosphere was trendy but in a casual way. I also liked that the menu was simple, making it easy to pick something out. There's pork, chicken, lamb, and a vegetarian option for your meat. You can either get your meat in a salad or in a wrap.I chose the pork shoulder salad ($13). All my friends will tell you that I am not a salad eater at all (I know, I'm bad!), but almost everyone in the restaurant was eating the salad instead of the wrap. However, I really enjoyed my salad. The lettuce was nicely dressed without being overly soggy, and the sweetness from the tomatoes and acidity of the red onions tasted great together. The pork overall was pretty moist, though some pieces were much more lean compared to others, making the texture not always the same. I love meat, but I have to say that the ratio of meat to lettuce was off. I finished all my lettuce and toppings (including every bit of that delicious feta cheese), but I had a bunch of meat leftover. My friend and I also ordered greek fries with a side of garlic spread and they were also good. The garlic spread was divine, and the fries were crispy and light. However, the $5 price tag did seem high to me as a non-San Franciscan. To finish off my meal, I ordered greek yogurt soft serve with wildflower honey. I haven't had anything like this before, but I enjoyed it thoroughly. It did leave an interesting mouth-feel though, almost a little dry/gritty at the end. Nonetheless, I'd order this again!
Rating: 4	Review: Souvla is a nice, casual Greek/Mediterranean place that has a simple but expertly prepared menu.Sampled the chicken sandwich/wrap, lamb salad, fries, the potatoes roasted in rotisserie drippings, a few of their dips and their house beer (lager?).Overall I really liked the experience and appreciated the quality and tastiness of the food. Lots of chicken in the sandwich and the salad was gorgeous (as well as delicious). The fries were amazing, especially with the garlic dip. The roasted potatoes were a little limp and oily for me, so would skip those next time. Their house beer was light and paired well with the food.I wish that the sandwich had a bit more flavor, perhaps via a hot sauce option or even more traditional options like a Harissa or Chermoula sauce. There was a red pepper/vinegar hot sauce on the table but I didn't find that it added a lot. Perhaps I needed to add more than I did.I think my main issue is that I generally want more Mediterranean flair in my Mediterranean food. I would certainly revisit Souvla in the future if I were in the area.Service and decor were good, you order and then grab a table. The space feels a little crowded at peak times so plan accordingly.
Rating: 4	Review: I really like Souvla but my husband thinks it's just OK. Thus, the 4 stars.I always get the lamb salad and he gets the lamb sandwich/wrap. The salad is filled with greens and meat, pretty flavorful too! I feel healthy eating it, and it's also satisfying taste-wise. For the lamb sandwich, the husband thinks it's good but worth $14 or $15. I agree, but maybe these are just SF prices and not that many other options in the city. He also thinks the lamb is a little dry. I've had better lamb wraps too, but all at places outside of SF.We'd prob come back, but can't say this makes it into the weekly rotation.
Rating: 4	Review: I've been to Souvla on Fillmore before, and I was craving their salads so much today that I HAD to go back - this time to their location at Valencia. Their food stays pretty consistent across their locations. I had the pork salad this time around. I got a few tough and dry pieces, but overall, this salad was very, VERY filling. Similar to my first experience eating at Souvla, I got very generous portions of both meat and salad. Highly recommend, even if you aren't necessarily a fan of salad.
Rating: 5	Review: Pro tip. Always get a salad and a sandwich. Salads are filling but a need a carb.  Sandwich is goood but I'm fat and need more food. Chicken salad and lamb sandwich. Can't go wrong nom nom
Rating: 5	Review: BIG fan. LOVE this place. Chicken salad junkie. Fries are delicious and Yogurt with olive oil and salt is the best.
Rating: 5	Review: This is my first time coming here and it is delicious. I got the veg salad and the fries and they are very tasty. Also they serve quickly even though it is very busy. I love this place and will be coming back soon.
Rating: 5	Review: This is one of my favorite places in sf! I love how refreshing the ingredients are and how unique their flavors are. My go-to is the Veg Salad, which contains white sweet potatoes, kalamata olives, walnuts, picked red onions (so good), cheese, and garlic yogurt (I usually opt out). Sweet salads are usually not my fav  but this one is so yummy. It's the perfect amount of both sweet and savory. It's so healthy and filling too. You HAVE to get their frozen Greek yogurt, specifically the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup option- it's one of my favorite deserts in sf, I swear I could eat it every week. This location is also cute since it faces Valencia St.
Rating: 5	Review: Baklava Greek frozen yogurt. To die for. Ask for less honey. The baklava is sweet enough as it is.
Rating: 5	Review: The food is great. The serving ware is cute and the atmosphere is nice and light. The Greeks sodas are pretty fun too. Sometimes it's a little hard to eat the sandwich like a sandwich but the flavors are worth it.
Rating: 5	Review: I really like the Lamb and Pork. Those are my 2 go to sandwich/wraps but the price is getting very high. I don't know if it's the rent increase or the overall food and labor increase.... but the quality and service is really really good so it's hard to drop them down because there aren't many other Greek Restaurants in the SF Bay area to compare? There are similar middle eastern restaurants who do a similar pita pocket, shawarma, gyro sandwiches but I really do find the quality and taste different. Souvla will need to reconsider their price as the economy slows down because I don't see how people will continue to afford paying this much for their delicious food? I'm already cutting down on my spending.... SF just makes it so hard to run a restaurant that I feel really bad but keep treating your customers with great service and good food, so they stay loyal.
Rating: 5	Review: I love the soup the chicken salad, the sandwiches and the Greek yogurt. This place is he bomb.The salad is enough for two and the dressing is sooo good..
Rating: 5	Review: I've once consumed 20 Souvla chicken salads in a single month...so you can say I'm pretty much obsessed with the chicken salad here! Nowadays though, after consistent price increases year after year, I don't find myself eating an almost $20 chicken salad as often as I've had a couple years ago, but it's still a nice treat every now and then! Tl;dr: Order the chicken salad (Greek style if you want fries) and baklava frozen Greek yogurt, skip the Black Sheep plant-based lamb salad/sandwich.By now, I've tried most of the items on the menu including the chicken salad, chicken sandwich, pork salad, pork sandwich, lamb salad, lamb sandwich, Black Sheep plant based lamb salad, veg salad, Greek fries, baklava frozen yogurt, honey frozen yogurt, plain frozen yogurt, and Souvla Greek rosé. Of course, my all time favorite item is the chicken salad. I'm obsessed with the granch dressing, and all the ingredients go together so well! I order the salad Greek style (+$1) if I want to treat myself, meaning tons of fries topped on! Getting a salad Greek style is a way better bang for your buck than ordering a side of fries (+$5). My favorite frozen yogurt here is the baklava one, which is absolutely delicious! The only time I've had a bad experience with anything at Souvla was when I ordered the Black Sheep plant-based lamb salad. I was really curious to try this plant based option when it first came out a while back, but the "lamb" was way too salty and dry! I couldn't finish it. If you're plant based, I recommend the veg (sweet potato) salad and sandwich options instead.
Rating: 5	Review: Delicious wraps/sandwiches (enjoyed the lamb). Interesting wines. Modern/minimalist yet warm environment. I'll be back!
Rating: 5	Review: One of my favorite new spots.Go-to order: Salad w chicken, juicy potatoes (SO good) + a glass of the rose.  It can get busy during the dinner hour, but seats usually open up fast.  The cashiers are friendly + service is really quick.  If you can make room after all the juicy potatoes the baklava froyo is bomb.
Rating: 5	Review: Still loving the vegetarian sandwich wrap! Wanted to update my review to share the magic which is their online ordering for pickup. I place the order online and literally 2 minutes later, I get a text saying it's ready for pickup. Souvla has delicious food, great customer service, and is easy + convenient whether you are eating in, or ordering pickup on their site. LOVE this place!
Rating: 5	Review: I came here for a late breakfast/early lunch on Sunday. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with lamb and was very pleased overall! I would definitely come again.
Rating: 5	Review: My go-to for takeout. Everything I've had here is super yummy, especially the chicken wrap and fries.
Rating: 5	Review: as a regular tart eater this was just as amazing. Plus points because my guncle knows the owner Bubble Emoji
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla is a simple but pleasing spot.My go to here is the chicken salad with the dressing on the side. There is plenty of chicken and the salad is so filling. I also love their fries here. They're fried to perfection and not soggy.The service is pretty quick and the staff are all friendly.It is a small location so there is seating inside and outside.
Rating: 5	Review: The food here is amazing. You can't go wrong with the chicken salad or sandwich. Both are surprisingly filling. The fries are also really good. The staff is very nice and make sure you try the dessert.
Rating: 5	Review: Surprisingly never too manic around lunchtime on weekdays. The staff has always been incredibly courteous, almost disarmingly so. The salad bowls will fill you up without blowing your daily calorie budget. I highly recommend ordering it Greek style (i.e. loaded with french fries) if you want to undermine your otherwise healthy decision making.
Rating: 5	Review: Excellent service and one of the best salads I've had in a long time. The turnaround was super fast too- I ordered and my salad appeared less than 5 minutes later. I had the chicken salad and it was excellent. I'd highly recommend this place! Eager to return and try their whole menu.
Rating: 5	Review: I was initially skeptical but the food was amaze balls. We had the lamb sandwitch and salad and the chicken sandwich and greek fries. get the greek yogurt while you're at it
Rating: 5	Review: delicious + fresh + huge portions = bang for your buck. the froyo is one of a kind. For the complainers out there, they take any and all modifications, so tell them to hold the mandarin oranges or order the lamb salad "set up" with chicken instead of lamb. i cannot recommend this place highly enough.
Rating: 5	Review: Soooooooo sooooo yummy!!! Their food is great, but their soft serve is definitely the highlight! Very delicious and great ambience!
Rating: 5	Review: Sour cherry Greek yogurt that's all I have to say. It's extremely delicious. Best way to start my Monday!!
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla is awesome! I just enjoyed a fabulous lunch with a friend. The chicken salad is so fresh and delicious. The lamb sandwich was awesome - the meat is super tender. Definitely get the fries with the dipping sauces. Also the potatoes in rotisserie juices were super tasty. Totally stuffed, but still had to try the frozen Greek yogurt. Best I've had - very thick and creamy, loved the one topped with baklava and honey. Delish! Highly recommend Souvla!!!
Rating: 5	Review: Upon arriving with my partner, we were pleasantly surprised to discover that this spot was a full-service restaurant, as we had only heard of it for their frozen yogurt. Despite this, the overwhelming number of positive reviews for their Bakkalava Frozen Yogurt piqued our curiosity and we were thrilled to finally try it during our visit to the city.Baklava is a Greek dessert consisting of layers of nuts, honey, and phyllo dough. Having it alone was undeniably sweet, but when paired with the neutral frozen yogurt, is a match made in heaven. The yogurt itself was unparalleled in its taste and texture, featuring a distinct Greek yogurt aroma and a thick, creamy consistency. Truly such a unique dessert that cannot be found elsewhere.Although I reside an hour away from the city, I will undoubtedly return in the summer to indulge in this delectable treat once more. In fact, I'd probably order one whole cup for myself rather than sharing it with my partner :')
Rating: 5	Review: We visited Souvla in San Francisco for take out. The food is excellent, fresh and fast! A great way to enjoy delicious, healthy Mediterranean food.
Rating: 5	Review: This review is for their frozen Greek yogurt with honey. It was so yummy and comforting on a warm day. It was around $4 which I thought was a great deal as it comes in a pretty big cup. The yogurt itself is rich, thick, and very tart. I happen to love tart yogurt and try to convince myself that it's a healthy super food.
Rating: 5	Review: Tried a the lamb on a salad and the garlic french fries - both yummy! Also shared a half pitcher of the rose with a friend, which we enjoyed. This is a casual and busy dinner spot. The fro yo is plain flavor and then you can choose one of the toppings. I enjoyed the wildflower honey and my friend liked the olive oil sea salt. Will be back!
Rating: 5	Review: This is the best frozen yogurt I have ever had.I don't know if you're crazy like me for froyo, but this is all I came here for.The perfect texture, tart, flavor.To be honest, I didn't like the olive oil sea salt one. The flavors were way too intense for me. I tried.I didn't like the baklava crumbles either. They were just getting in my way.I would definitely just for the plain. This is worth stopping by for. My favorite froyo.
Rating: 5	Review: I've been here a few times and I've had the veggie salad, the lamb sandwich and the Greek fries. My favorite are their salads. I can never finish them because they're so large. I usually like lamb a lot, but I found the lamb to be a bit drier than most. They're famous for their rotisserie chicken, but I've yet to try it. Looking forward to going back soon since they have expanded. Also, they are usually pretty busy during meal times so seating maybe be difficult.
Rating: 5	Review: Well, as a treat 4 finishing my taxes I headed down to Souvla on Valencia. I understand completely how Alice S. got to 20 a month as I walked out with 3 salads & 2 yogurts! The salad has a lot of kale, so it really holds up!Got 5 so far this month...15 more to go!!!
Rating: 5	Review: Same great food as their original location in hayes valley, with a lot more transit options :) This one was also WAY LESS CROWDED and faster than hayes. (I came on a Sunday late afternoon)I always love their veggie bowl and frozen yogurt with olive oil. So tasty!
Rating: 5	Review: Excellent, simple menu and fast service. Chicken salad and frozen yogurt is my go to!
Rating: 5	Review: I deliver for Caviar and I pick up from here and the other locations in the city often, and it always smells so good. So the other night, when the boyfriend and I got hungry, we ordered from here online and picked it up. It was ready before we even got to the restaurant from where we were. I got the lamb sandwich and he got the chicken sandwich. Both were delicious and huge and we were so satisfied. Safe to say that we'll be back again!
Rating: 5	Review: The salads are some of the best tasty/healthy ratios I've ever seen. Fast and reasonably priced.
Rating: 5	Review: Love! One of my favorite places in San Francisco. Chicken wrap is my favorite. Love it with hot sauce. And baklava bits and yogurt for dessert. I would only recommend adding baklava bits to the bottom of the yogurt too because it's really sad when you run out of baklava bits but still have yogurt left
Rating: 5	Review: Had salads here for lunch.  Great fresh salad and loved it.  The yogurt was an additional pleasant surprise that we hadn't planned on.  Would highly recommend.
Rating: 5	Review: Great food and staff! this is a great addition to the Mission. Food was delicious, I tried the Greek yogurt (my favorite) and the chicken soup. The place is very popular so I recommend getting there a bit earlier to get a seat.
Rating: 5	Review: AMAZING food! Didn't have to wait long at all for it either!! Definitely drop by here for some great Greek food!
Rating: 5	Review: There lamb salad is soooo yummy! Fun, casual vibe. Great food and wine and not pricey.
Rating: 5	Review: LOVE soulva!!! especially their yogurt yessss i love how refreshing and not overly sweet the yogurt parfaits are!!!Also their lamb salad LOVE! lamb is stewed to perfection and they do give you a good healthy portion but you are also paying a good amount for it too ~$17 for the meal in salad form
Rating: 5	Review: I love souvla. Food is great, wish they put more chicken on the salad. The one in Hayes valley knows how to make the salad the best though
Rating: 5	Review: Just wanted to update my review and say that Souvla not only has amazing frozen Greek yogurt with baklava, but it also has great food. I ordered the Mary's free range chicken salad and it's probably one of my favorite salads I have gotten eating out. The chicken was tender, the vegetables were fresh, and the dressing tied it all together. My boyfriend got the Thomas Farms Lamb Leg Sandwich and it was both flavorful and juicy. Would definitely come here again for a meal and/or dessert!
Rating: 5	Review: This was the BEST lunch spot, we had a 10 minute wait (the line was out the door for takeout and seating) but the service was quick and efficient and the food was SO good. We shared the lamb salad and fries (harissa-spiced) and a Greek iced green tea and a frozen Greek yogurt and we had plenty to eat. We were lucky enough to get a seat right on a sidewalk table and we REALLY enjoyed our lunch here!
Rating: 5	Review: I loved this place. Good quality, healthy food and not over the top expensive. A good lunch spot.
Rating: 5	Review: Amazing food and adorable Greek ambiance! Garlic Fries are THE BEST! I Had the Veggie Pita sandwich which was sooo good! Definitely worth stopping in and checking out I will def be returning soon!!Thank you Souvla Chef's for the BOMB food
Rating: 5	Review: Came here on a Saturday evening. There were a few people at the restaurant. There was a short line when waiting to order, but it went by fairly quickly. Ordered the Greek yogurt with honey and baklava. Simple, but so delicious! When I finished it, I wanted another one. Yogurt was tart which off set the sweetness of the baklava. I wish they had a restaurant closer to me. I would definitely come back when I am in the area!
Rating: 5	Review: Great fast casual spot when you're craving some Greek food with ample outdoor seating and decent amount of indoor as well. The Greek fries are my go to for here , I would get the garlic and minted yogurt dip with it too. It pairs incredibly well together. I had the frozen Greek yogurt here for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed how refreshing it was.
Rating: 5	Review: This place is SO good!!!! Service is great, cute store, and literally THE BEST frozen yogurt I have ever eaten. Wish there was one of these in Manhattan soooo badly. It's delicious. The best yogurt is the Sour Cherry one! Can't wait to be back in the Bay so I can go here again.
Rating: 5	Review: Amazing! A quick and easy find, and the food is delicious. Very unique menu, with original flavors and complex, yet easy to appreciate, recipes.
Rating: 5	Review: Delicious kale and chicken salad and light enough to not feel like it was highly caloric.  Carlos at the front counter is so delightful and so customer service oriented.  Nice vice, nice place, good food.  Service is impeccable.  I'll be back.
Rating: 5	Review: Fabulous fresh food. Healthy.  Clean. Lovely staff. Fair prices. Can't go wrong here.
Rating: 5	Review: We ordered delivery through an online service, so I'm not sure which location served us. (We're in Duboce Triangle.) Regardless, it was a very satisfying experience from start to finish. I agree with the other reviewer who mentioned packaging. It's sleek and functional and makes a great first impression. More importantly, all of the food was delicious. We ordered the chicken salad, the vegetarian sandwich, the lemon chicken soup, a side salad and some pita bread. The flavors and textures in every dish were excellent. Imaginative combinations of ingredients and generous portions put Souvla way ahead of the competition. Everything tasted fresh and not at all heavy. Even the pita bread was unusually soft and tasty. We did something we rarely do and also ordered two sodas, the Greek orange soda and the Greek sour cherry soda. They were great. Not too sweet and no high fructose corn syrup. We will absolutely order from Souvla again and look forward to visiting them in person. For those considering Delivery, the food arrived a few minutes earlier than the projected time, and the driver was friendly and courteous. It was one of the smoother deliveries we've had in a long time, and we order in a lot.
Rating: 5	Review: I can only speak about the lamb salad, yogurts and house red wine. All so delicious!! I go as often as I can when people ask to go out it feels like a healthier middle ground for going our vs cooking at home. :)
Rating: 5	Review: i love souvla...i don't have anything new to say that i haven't mentioned in my review of the hayes location.  i grabbed a salad to-go yesterday to bring to a movie, and on my way back to the car, i grabbed a froyo to go too.  yes, i came here twice in one day.
Rating: 5	Review: Their chicken Greek salad is my go to! Everyone at my work orders from here a few times a week. Very tasty, constantly good. Haven't tried I dish I wasn't satisfied with. It hits he spot every time and their portions and plentiful!
Rating: 5	Review: This review is for take out only. I always get the chicken salad. It is consistently tasty with its shredded chicken, mandarin oranges and kale. There is just the right amount of salad dressing.It's my go to spot for salads in the Mission.Their Greek yogurt is also bomb. The ordering process is super efficient. I highly recommend this spot.
Rating: 5	Review: Helpful staff, quick service and great food! My advise is to take the salad as the volume is a little bigger than the sandwich.
Rating: 5	Review: I had an excellent lamb pita sandwich here, mostly tender and all delicious. The fries where the best I've had in at least a decade: golden brown and crispy on the outside and practically melting on the inside -- and at the same cost you'd pay for smaller quantity and far inferior quality at that infamous fast food place. Staff were friendly and attentive.
Rating: 5	Review: Plain Frozen Yogurt $4 USDBaklava Crumbles & honey syrup $6 USDCretan Wildflower Honey $5 USDSouvla has the BEST frozen yogurt I have ever had in my life. The yogurt here was very creamy, smooth, refreshing and not too sweet.  My personal favorite was the plain one.  The baklava was their most popular flavor, the baklava topping was very generous.  The portion was quite big and was enough for two people ;). Highly recommended .
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla has become my absolute favorite go-to spots in SF! It's always a promising, hearty, and filling meal. - Chicken salad 5/5 (you can never go wrong with ordering this, it's light, tangy, refreshing and super filling) -  Veggie salad 5/5 (very strong olive oil and olive flavor, the sweet potatoes are delicious and adds a nice creamy touch) - Pork sandwich 4/5 (I actually prefer the flavor of the pork over the chicken, it's super juicy and flavorful but the pita they use is a bit dry/thick. So next time I might just get the salad version) - Side salad 4/5 (honestly very generous portion for only $6)- Fries 5/5 (these are some of the best fries I've ever had. Get it with the yogurt dip, it's so good!! Greek yogurt fro-yo (you have to try this if you're at Souvla) - my favorite was actually the cherry, but the most popular one is honey baklava. Both are fantastic choices! The yogurt is so creamy, tangy, and not overly sweet. Seriously the perfect dessert during any day of the week
Rating: 5	Review: Absolutely delicious food! It is a great place to choose when you are looking for a different taste to tickle your tastebuds. We often get it for delivery and it arrives very well.
Rating: 5	Review: I had chicken salad-simply delicious! It will make you just happy! I had frozen yogurt with baklava crumbs -love it! I like their simple menu and service too!
Rating: 5	Review: I eat here like 3 times a week. Don't think it'll ever grow old. Soup+juicy potatoes is a must try!
Rating: 5	Review: So siked Souvla opened a location near my house. My favorite lunch spot. Love their salads. Actually I love everything here.
Rating: 5	Review: This is definitely my one of my favorite restaurants for healthy yet delicious meal. Always get the chicken salad and juicy potatoes and they are superbly yummy.
Rating: 5	Review: Hands down one of the best salads I've ever had. I got the Greek salad with chicken. Enormous portion (although I managed to finish it because it was so delicious). The honey Greek froyo with baklava was perfectly sweet and tart. I dream about this place after trying it. Probably a blessing I don't live closer to one of their locations.
Rating: 5	Review: I think Souvla has some of the best french fries in SF. I wish they would put a bit more cheese on it though. I don't love the granch as it's very tart and doesn't pair with the fries as well as I would've wished. TThe salad was delicious, I enjoyed the addition of kale and the mandarin oranges although I wish there was more so that the flavors would be more balanced. This was probably the best salad I've had in SF so far and it lasted me 2 portions although the $17 price tag kinda hurt.
Rating: 5	Review: My friend introduced me to this restaurant a week ago and I fell in love. I literally have it delivered by Caviar to my house every other day! The chicken salad was so wonderful! I've tried the chicken sandwich and the lamb and love their chicken. Fries are great, always order them and add it to the meal, it's never enough! My fav go to from now on!
Rating: 5	Review: I've only ever come here for the frozen Greek yogurt and it's so good. My favorite is the baklava crumbles and honey. The sweetness from the baklava balances out the tartness from the Greek yogurt and honey. You also gotta love the fun cup it comes in.
Rating: 5	Review: literally the best place in the mission for a quick salad. also, tell them you want it Greek style. ;) you can order it online, and pickup in like 10 mins. great prices, great food.
Rating: 5	Review: One of my favorite places to eat. The salads are so delicious! I've had the pork and chicken both in salads and in wraps. Never disappointed! Even my picky son enjoys eating here! Love the late hours too! Very friendly staff! Very clean!
Rating: 5	Review: I could honestly eat the chicken salad at Souvla everyday because is it THAT good -- a winning combination of crisp greens, fresh fennel, refreshing navel orange, and tangy pickled red onions, all tossed with a light dressing (*chef's kiss*).  Yes, the entrees are on the pricier side (a sandwich is $1 cheaper than a salad), but accept no imitations!While the Souvla in Hayes Valley gets a lot of hype, I'm personally very fond of the Valencia location. Service is extremely fast and seating isn't too big of an issue, even on the weekends. If it's your first time ever, the frozen Greek yogurt is a must!
Rating: 5	Review: I just love everything about this business. Service is always friendly and knowledgeable. Food is consistently excellent. The concept is terrific. I hope the can expand and maintain the outstanding quality. I have never had a bad experience and I eat here once a week. We need more place like Souvla.
Rating: 5	Review: Love their food. They are all very delicious. That's the place I want to go regularly get my chicken salad or lamb wrap for lunch. Their frozen yogurt is also a highlight. Great business.
Rating: 5	Review: The greek yogurt with baklava and honey is to die for..recently tried sour cherry and almost died- yum
Rating: 5	Review: My kinda set up. Fast, fresh, gourmet, casual, consistent....BOMB FOOD and lovely atmosphere
Rating: 5	Review: Not a great place if you are lactose intolerant! I had the soup and side salad, the only dairy free items. Greek fries were so garlicky good. Loved the side of garlic yogurt (I risked it). Lamb sandwich was meaty but kind of dry.
Rating: 5	Review: Great food. The salads are huge and the meat delicious. Also they have fantastic Greek froyo with baklava on top
Rating: 5	Review: Great food. I had the chicken salad and I swear there was half a chicken work of meat in it. Fresh and delicious - although I still can't rationalize spending $15 on a salad, but I guess that's what you get for eating in the MIssion.
Rating: 5	Review: A filling, modern play on Greek food. Even though the menu selection feels like it's short, everything still sounds so good. Try not to get too full though because you'll need to save room for the famous Greek yogurt soft serve! COVID protocols have all staff in masks and patrons have the option to sit inside (entryway door is open) or on the street front patio. CHICKEN SALAD (5/5) $16I was so full after eating this enormous salad. Chicken portion is very generous and meat is tender. The greens were of nice assortment and the red pickles add a delightful crunch. I prefer my sauces to the side,so you can request that too if that's your thing. BAKLAVA GREEK YOGURT (5/5) $6The star of the show! I'm so glad I asked the cashier to split our 1 order into two portions. The baklava topping was still very generous even between two people, and we took it to go while we walked to Mission Dolores Park. It tasted like a creamy cobbler pie, where the sugary sweetness of the baklava is balanced with the slight tartness from the Greek yogurt. Street parking is tough unless you're lucky enough to find a spot, but it's free of charge on Sundays.Overall, solid pick and would definitely come back for lunch again.
Rating: 5	Review: Love love love their food! The frozen Greek yogurt is out of this world as well. They are always nice, it's clean and fast service.
Rating: 5	Review: Salted Greek yogurt with honey, I could eat a ton!!! Sinfully delightful. I think Souvla sprinkles some kind of magic flavor in their yogurt. Seriously. Thumbs up!
Rating: 5	Review: I am in love with the workers at Souvla. They are super friendly and amazing workers. My daughter and I go here at least once a week and we LOVE the salads. Such an amazing place to eat at, highly recommend!!
Rating: 5	Review: I love the lamb salad. Most satisfying salad ever. When ever I want to fill up but not feel heavy and blotted this is the place to be. In the mode to be healthy, yes gimme that lamb salad. Throw a little of their hot sauce on that thing and make it lit . Date night. This works. Get that lamb salad man. Get a glass of wine. And cap it off with that Greek yogurt ice cream. #Winning
Rating: 5	Review: One of my favorite foods in the city! I've had Souvla countless times and it's always amazing. The fries are so delicious and all of the sandwich/salad options are amazing either way. My favorite is the chicken sandwich though! The honey and baklava frozen yogurt is also so creamy and flavorful. The food is always prompt and reliable whether ordering in or to-go. There's seating inside and out at this location, but note that it's usually always busy. Don't even think about it, try it!
Rating: 5	Review: You NEED to try their frozen yogurt!! I had their most popular one with the baklava crumbles and honey. Didn't think I would be amazed but I WAS SO WRONG?? Try it. Would even go outside in freezing cold weather and get this. Not too sweet and very refreshing with the baklava crumbles adding some textures in.
Rating: 5	Review: Nice greek place in Mission! Simple menu; lamb, chicken, pork or veggie as salad or sandwich. We went with lamb sandwiches and couldn't be more pleased. Soft pita, with great tasting meat, and awesome dressing!
Rating: 5	Review: This is the spot if you're looking for something extremely tasty. I use to go all the time pre-pandemic but now my boyfriend and I order the date night meal for delivery/pick up. I go for the chicken salad and he goes for the Lamb gyro. We get the souvla special rosé in this package as well. Super worth it! We also love the baklava + honey greek yogurt! Amazing!
Rating: 5	Review: The besssssttttttt ever fast casual restaurant in SF!!!  Food is fast and delicious, affordably priced, and with 4 locations across the city, there is one not too far from you. Amazing ability to customize your order. You can also order online directly through their website for pick up or delivery. My go-to is the vegetarian salad - you don't miss the meat at all! Try the Greek frozen yogurt too - amazing!!!
Rating: 5	Review: The salads and sandwiches are on point at this Greek restaurant. I got their pork salad which is pretty big and a great balance of lettuce, picked onions, pork, radish and cheese! Their yogurt is so yummy, I got the one that has oil and sea salt combination.
Rating: 5	Review: My first meal here in SF. They offer really good salad . I like the lamb salad a lot or the vegetarian version (you can get meat on the side). Their Alamo square spot is really cute and has a back patio.
Rating: 5	Review: I have eaten here a few times. Enjoyed each time. I finally broke down and got the roasted chicken salad. Gawd dammit that shit " Be Bangin". I strayed away because I only eat white meat chicken. The chicken is pulled from the bone and mixed so there is no way to have just white or dark meat. I absolutely DO NOT eat dark meat chicken!!!! I feel like I matured today and played outside my comfort zone. Awwwwh Lawrd. Glad I did because it was a Banga..... So apparently this place is on the map because Former FLOTUS; Michelle Obama ordered one of everything from the menu to take on the plane back to DC from SFO. Needless to say if former FLOTUS has approved it..... I am so fuqn wit it....Thee End
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla is one of my favorite spots in SF. The salads are healthy, hearty, and delicious. My order is a chicken salad and my boyfriend gets the pork salad with the chicken setup. Get the salads greek style (fries on top). In addition to the impeccable food, the interior is well designed and the ambiance is very lively. End your meal with the Greek froyo with baklava - so yummy!
Rating: 5	Review: We had Souvla delivered on Caviar when we had to work late the other night. I'd heard Michelle Obama ordered it for her flight home, so I was curious about the hype. Let's just say Souvla delivers!Their chicken wrap is packed with flavorful, quality meat and flavorful oranges and fennel, their "juicy potatoes" are awesome, and the roasted sweet potato salad was delicious. I love that they include their nutritional info on the web site, and can't wait to try more of the menu!
Rating: 5	Review: I came in on a Saturday around 11:30am and there were plenty of seats available. I got the chicken salad which was delicious and sizable- enough for 2 servings for me! The best part of the salad was definitely the slivers of naval orange, as other yelpers have shared. Our group also shared the baklava Greek yogurt, which was a nice way to end the meal. Not sure the yogurt is something I'd ever get on my own since eating a lot of it can be tiring, but it's definitely worth trying at least once!
Rating: 5	Review: There's a reason that Souvla has been quickly expanding in San Francisco. Their loyal following know's what's up.For a fresh and filling salad with wholesome ingredients - Souvla is fantastic. Their lamb salad with extra sweet potato is a hearty way to get your protein, greens, carbs, and fats - in one go. Their meats are naturally raised and full of flavor, and if you're vegetarian - they have a plethora of wonderful options as well.You can't go wrong with anything at Souvla. Their wraps are divine. Their fries are addictive. Their potatoes are incredible.  And don't forget about their creamy Greek yogurt that you can get topped with wildflower honey, baklava, or Olive Oil and sea salt.There are a plethora of Mediterranean spots in the city - but Soulva has truly mastered the art of preparing well portioned food with colorful organic ingredients.Trust.
Rating: 5	Review: Consistently delicious. Yummy and healthy. My fave is the chicken salad. Froyo is soooo good.
Rating: 5	Review: If you had to imagine the perfect fast casual in SF there would be a picture of souvla. Some people seem to get caught up on the "Greek" aspect and although this is a far cry from Greece/ Greek (I personally don't even categorize it as Greek in my mind) it is GOOD. Maybe we could call it new american Greek... new Greek?From the white tile and copper counters to the limited menu it is perfect. Their chicken salad is my constant go to (order Greek style for some fries on top when you don't want a whole order), but I have tried all the meat wraps and they are equally delish.Wine is served by the glass, 500 ml and bottle. The 500 ml is a personal go to, and is a perfect glass and a half to share between two when you don't want to commit to a whole bottle, school nights kill. Finally, although I do not partake regularly I recently had their Greek yogurt soft serve which is to die for with a variety of toppings like olive oil and salt, granola, and sour cherry.
Rating: 5	Review: Immediately upon entering this restaurant, my nostrils were flooded with steamy tendrils of volatile caproic acid emanating from the lamb meat visibly roasting in the background. I enjoyed the scent as it hugged around me, supplying my friends and me with an imaginary warm woolen blanket on the cold day that it was.And so cozily nestled in this enjoyable atmosphere, my friends and I felt confident to fulfill our original mission: to order a frozen greek yogurt with baklava crumbles and honey syrup. After my first bite of the dessert I quickly realized that I had never before tried FROZEN greek yogurt before, but I was at a loss as to why not, as it was extremely delicious and seemingly not difficult to prepare. The baklava and honey additionally added some great textural components as well, while not distracting too much from the deep proteinaceous flavors contained within the Greek-ness of the yogurt.As we quickly devoured the yogurt, our mission was achieved - universally deemed a success by all those who partook in its completion. Unfortunately I can't speak about any of their other items on the menu. But if you're ever in the area and want a nice and interesting frozen treat, I highly recommend trying their Greek frozen yogurts!
Rating: 5	Review: This is the location I come to most often. I like to get the chicken on the lamb set up as a gyro or salad. Both are filling. It's definitely busy during lunch which is when I usually come here. Everyone also loves the Greek yogurt with honey and baklava. It's definitely my go to for a casual lunch or dinner with friends especially since it's under $20.
Rating: 5	Review: The absolute best food! I recommended everything on the menu, and their Rose. Pre and post Covid, it's a great place to eat out back on the patio.
Rating: 5	Review: This sandwich make me so happy. Thank you so much . This combination of sandwiches so beautiful. Taste totally is great !!!! I love you guys
Rating: 5	Review: Best casual Greek restaurant in Hayes Valley!We ordered chicken salad ($14), pork shoulder sandwich ($12) and baklava crumbles greek yogurt ($5). Their chicken salad is the best salad I've ever had in SF so far. I love how they put mandarin oranges which adds tons of flavors to this salad! I'm not a huge fan of adding fruits in my salad but this one was amazing! I think this salad definitely deserves the hype! Pork shoulder sandwich was delicious too but it wasn't that memorable to me. Lastly, their FROYO! Frozen yogurt with baklava was AMAZING! And it was a refreshing way to finish our meal! And that baklava was insanely good! It was sweet, chewy and sticky. If you like nuts, try their froyo with bakalava!The atmosphere here is casual, cozy and lively! It's hard to find seating especially on weekends because it's always packed with people. I think it's little overpriced but I can't complain because it's sooo delicious.Highly recommend this place! I would definitely come back to try their salads with greek style. Solid 5 stars!
Rating: 5	Review: This place is very small with limited space but the food is amazing.  You order first and then you grab your seat. If it's really cold outside, there's seating nearby the rotisserie. Everything is self serve as well besides the dine in, they just give you the food that's about it. The utensils and napkins are on the table. Water station is next to the register.I ordered  the veg salad. Food was made pretty fast, since I got my food less than 5 minutes. The dressing was amazing and refreshing. The yam was delicious and actually complemented well with the salad. Overall the experience was amazing and delicious. I'll be coming back soon :)
Rating: 5	Review: Excellent sevice . The pork salad is to die for. The flavor is so balanced. Nice ambience for the restaurant on Valencia St. P.S. don't forget to order yogurt :)
Rating: 5	Review: I think I could literally eat here every day and never get sick of it.. Their wraps and fries are delicious but the real mvp for me is weirdly the soup, and of course the baklava yogurt. Their Salad is also amazing if you're tryna be a little more healthy- the sweet potato are on point.
Rating: 5	Review: This review is for their frozen Greek yogurt only!I'm a huge froyo lover, and this place totally knocked my socks off! I got the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup ($5). The texture is thick and creamy (maybe because it's GREEK yogurt?), which is a huge difference from the thin, almost soupy consistency of most other frozen yogurts. The yogurt has the perfect balance between tart and sweet and doesn't have much of the overly sugary "processed" taste that I sometimes get at lower quality froyo shops. $4-5 for a coffee-cup-sized amount of frozen Greek yogurt might seem a bit pricey, but the cup is filled to the top and the yogurt is dense! Souvla also doesn't skimp out on the baklava crumbles, because I got plenty of crunch in every bite. After having a taste of Souvla's frozen Greek yogurt, I'm not sure if I can go back to a typical froyo shop anymore! Once I get the chance, I'm 100% going to swing by here again to try the other flavors!!!
Rating: 5	Review: Ordered the Pork Sandwich, Vegetarian Sandwich, and Greek Fries with Greek yogurt dip.Yelp Review1. Staff Friendliness: 52. Staff Knowledge: 53. Staff Efficiency: 54. Transaction Time: 55. Order Wait Time: 66. Register Counter Cleanliness: 57. Kitchen / Prep Area Cleanliness: 58. Dining Area Cleanliness: 59. Restroom Cleanliness: N/A10. Storefront Cleanliness: 511. Food Handling (i.e. clean hands): 512. Food/Drink Presentation (i.e. wrapping, boxing, pouring): 513. Food/Drink Preparation (i.e. made with care): 514. Food/Drink Value: (i.e. worth the price): 515. Food/Drink Taste: 5(Total score) / (Questions Answered)  = (Yelp!)
Rating: 5	Review: Solid food, bigger space with a few more seats than the Hayes location. Usually minimal line (stops generally at the door). Parking is a bitch. I get souvla more times than I care to admit in a given week so I'll just leave it at that. My go to is a salad with just kale and full on yogurt dressing - they have 3 different types of yogurt dressing depending on the salad, which I thought was super cool. You can also get a half salad with a side of soup as some sort of combo for cold days. And of course the froyo is to die for.
Rating: 5	Review: I really liked the concept and menu. It's not every day that you find somewhat "fast food" Greek that is actually healthy and exciting at the same time. The chicken salad was very fresh and a good size portion. They also have this awesome Greek Iced Tea, which I've not seen before. It was packed when I came in around 9pm for dinner on a Friday, but it makes sense..this group has really taken off!
Rating: 5	Review: I have been to two different Souvla locations and absolutely love them both. I get the Pork salad and add fries on top! Seriously, amazing. The most filling salad I have ever eaten. The dressing compliments all of the veggies and the meat is quite good. The hot sauce is a great add on to any salad. It's honestly not even that spicy at all, and just adds some flavor. Best part of the meal - the dessert. If you go here, you MUST try their soft serve. Even if you don't go for the salad or wrap. They offer soft serves (tart flavor) in many different combinations. My favorite is the baklava and honey. The tart soft serve along with a hefty scoop of baklava and fresh honey on top... to die for. One thing to note about this location in the Mission: no outdoor seating in the back! There's a bar in the front of the restaurant near the queue to order, but other than that, there is no seating in the backyard of the restaurant (as seen in other locations). Therefore, seating can be hard to find.
Rating: 5	Review: Cute spot with delicious meats roasting in full view. Great for carnivores, not so great for their vegan friends. Best bet in my view is the salad. I got the salad and my companion went for the sandwich. The salad had way more meat. It was actually so big I couldn't finish it. Super filling but light. Still had room for dessert though. We shared the frozen Greek yogurt with honey and baklava, also really good. The yogurt is tart and mixes well with the sweet toppings. If you're in the mood for a light but filling quick lunch, this is a great choice.
Rating: 5	Review: Ah where do I begin. This place was incredible! I was in town visiting some friends and they recommended we come here and grab some salads to eat at Mission Dolores Park. With some convincing from my friends, I got the Veg Roasted White Sweet Potato Salad. It had such a great combination of vegetables and flavors! BUT the real highlight of my experience was the frozen greek yogurt. This was absolutely incredible and the perfect amount of sweet. I tried the plain flavor, but they have a lot of fun flavors as well. Highly recommend and I plan to come back again in the future!
Rating: 5	Review: We came here on a lovely Sunday afternoon for the baklava crumble Greek yogurt. The tangy Greek yogurt pairs very well with the sweet baklava crumbs and honey syrup perfect for a hot day. Outdoor seating is also very nice, you can people watch.
Rating: 5	Review: I really liked the chicken salad, they cook very well . good location great food!Eats - 5 Staff - 5
Rating: 5	Review: Why did it take me this long to try this place out?! The menu is short and sweet which helps with my indecisiveness. We walked in and were a little worried we wouldn't get a seat. Tables filled up quickly, but tables clear out just as quick. We ordered the chicken salad and Greek fries. Both were amazing! The chicken salad was very filling and satisfying. I was so full by the end of my meal that I wished I didn't order the fries to fit in a baklava crumbles & honey syrup frozen Greek yogurt. Looks like I'll be adding Souvla to my list of go-to dinner hotspots!
Rating: 5	Review: Love their lamb salad and frozen Greek yogurt! There are very few salads that I ever crave, but Souvla's is one of them. Their flavors are bomb, and you can make any order "Greek style", which basically means put fries in my order. Pro tip: do it. Portions are pretty generous so you'll probably be feeling full after entree but definitely try the baklava frozen Greek yogurt too!This location is usually less crowded than the one in Hayes. You order first and then take your number to find an available table; they have indoor and outdoor seating. I always find myself back here when I'm in the area.
Rating: 5	Review: After doing volunteer work to repair a trail for an adopt a crag event at Glen Canyon Park. My friend and I were pretty hungry and the last thing on my mind was a salad but I'm always down to try a new place. This spot did not disappoint. I love the menu because it's simple and there isn't a whole lot of food options, which means everything should be great since they specialize in making those few items. I went for the:1] Veg Salad ($13) - Super tasty and filling. They do give a lot of cheese and a bit much for my taste but still great nonetheless.My friend ordered the chicken salad that also looked great but the:2] Frozen greek yogurt with baklava crumbles and honey syrup ($5) - This was amaaaazzzing, I'm so glad my friend let me try some. If I was full from my salad I probably would have gotten my own. A MUST GET ITEM!Definitely a place I will be coming back to soon. I'm sad it took me until now to get introduced to this place but that's okay because now it can enjoy it going forward to coming back. VIBE: This place felt very homey and a great date place. It relatively open and not too loud. It's very clean.SERVICE: After you order, you get a number and someone brings you your salad. I believe the water you can serve yourself.
Rating: 5	Review: Greek out for Souvla! They've got all the basics deli finds- soups, wraps, salads, dessert and wine... but GREEK! It's so much better! I'll start with the Avgolemono Soup- perfect for cold days or when you're feeling under the weather. It's a traditional egg-lemon soup with chicken and rice. It'll make you pucker up, and the thick broth with soft rice and shredded chicken goes down nicely. It warms my belly and puts a smile on my face every time I have it. The pork wrap is like a Greek Burrito- overflowing with homestead pork shoulder, minted greek yogurt, cherry tomatoes, pickled red onions, cucumbers, and of course, feta. This also comes in a salad version.Save room for dessert: Frozen Greek Yogurt!My favorites are the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup and the Greek Olive Oil & Flaky Sea Salt. Yum!
Rating: 5	Review: If I'm eating out, I don't want to eat a salad. And I especially don't want to pay $15 for a salad. However, Souvla is the exception. Their vegetarian salad is my go-to every time, and I could eat it on repeat. It's worth the money and is always tasty. I like adding fries on top for an extra treat.
Rating: 5	Review: Tasty Mediterranean food in a hip but down to earth atmosphere! The frozen greek yogurt here is also delicious if you have a sweet tooth and want to try something unique.I tried the chicken pita sandwich, which was fresh and delicious. The navel orange had a really nice bright contrast to the chicken, veggies, and creamy dressing. Not to mention, the pita was warm and super fluffy. My favourite part of the meal, though, was the frozen greek yogurt with baklava topping and honey. I'm a huge fan of baklava, so that's actually what made me decide to come here in the first place. The frozen green yogurt was perfectly tangy and rich to pair with the crispy, aromatic baklava crumbles on top. Finally, the honey drizzle on top sealed the deal to complete an amazing dessert. I came for lunch on a Sunday and had no problems getting seating. I absolutely love the interior design in here: super airy and bright, modern and inviting. You order at the counter and then seat yourselves, so this is a great place for a casual meal. Moreover, the food comes quickly after you're seated, which is always a good thing. I liked that when I ordered the frozen greek yogurt with my sandwich, I was given a receipt so I could get the dessert whenever I wanted to after I was done the sandwich. If you're looking for a delicious, casual meal in SF, Souvla is the place to be! Besides, who doesn't want some frozen greek yogurt with honey and baklava topping?
Rating: 5	Review: Good, fresh option with easy prices. Simple but excellent menu. Because it's limited I'll just assume based on my one veggie option that the four options are probably all yummy. This is a go to the counter get your number find a table joint. Extra stars for grabbing a whole chix to go with sides. Oh yeah. Dinner. Done. Love that!Oh. And the frozen greet yogurt?  SO good.
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla has become a favorite of mine for when I want Greek. Well, to be honest I crave their Greek frozen yogurt, which are to die for. Their Greek salad's are simple and delicious available in chicken, pork and lamb. The salad's can also be made into a wrap as well. Souvla makes a hot sauce that pairs well with their salad and I kid you not, my friend and I usually finish an entire bottle as we keep pouring it into our salad bowls. Not that the salad's lack flavor, just that their hot sauce is really good. Oh you can also buy their hot sauce if you want to eat it at home. Now about their frozen yogurt; it comes in a blue and white cup with soft serve like swirl at the top, well just as you would see with soft serve ice cream in general. However, Greek frozen yogurt is, given the right toppings is a delicious alternative to ice cream. I usually opt for the classic honey drizzle, but other options include baklava honey crumb, and a deep red cherry sauce. Souvla has multiple locations in San Francisco: Valencia, Hayes Valley, Divisadero, and Chestnut. Greek whenever wherever, well not wherever but more locations to choose from.
Rating: 5	Review: Just as amazing as the other two locations. I love that this location has opened just a week ago and has the same tasty food as the other locations. Staff is amazing and attentive. We had the Chicken Salad and Baklava Greek Yogurt. It was so delicious. I love this new addition to the mission!
Rating: 5	Review: Highlights- After months of SIP and not being able to order or eat your chicken salad, wraps, fries, lemon soup, or cherry baklava froyo, I didn't realize how much you meant to me. The long lines after reopening for takeout in your other locations proved your worthiness for patience!- I waited patiently for the one Friday lunch day that you finally came back to the hood for takeout orders, thank the food gods!- On my regular lunch rotation for the chicken salad/wrap (make it Greek style to add fries on top, worth it!) and don't you dare skip on the baklava froyo. If I had the freezer space, I would stock up on your froyo. Not going to lie! Dreaming of my next visit and order already...
Rating: 5	Review: The chicken salad from Souvla is probably my favorite meal ever. I'm not sure if it's the juicy rotisserie chicken, the mandarin oranges, the perfectly massaged kale, or the yummy dressing-- maybe it's all of the above, but hands down, this salad is the one thing I can eat all day, every day. If you're feeling extra hungry, you can also pair it with their delicious fries and "granch" or try their baklava greek frozen yogurt. Frozen greek yogurt topped with honey and baklava crumbs. BEST. IDEA. EVER. You'll thank me later. ;)****Shameless plug- I hope they open a location in Burlingame!
Rating: 5	Review: My wife and I set out to try a list of "foodie items to try in SF before you die" and the Baklava frozen yogurt at Souvla was on the list. I'm bummed we didn't have the appetite, after eating all day, to try more than the yogurt however after questioning if we had the belly space to stop at all I'm so glad we did. This review is simple- this was by far and beyond the best frozen yogurt I've ever had. Perfectly balanced between sour and sweet and topped off with some of the best baklava. It's a MUST TRY and my wife and I will definitely be back for dinner!
Rating: 5	Review: First time here and t was a great experience. Cashier was super helpful. Told him it was my first time here and her gave me the run down of the menu. Didn't get a change to try the food but the geek beer was smooth! I wonder if it'll go good with the food items they had. I guess I'll have to find out next time! Highly recommend this spot for something different!
Rating: 5	Review: The hype is well-founded; Souvla's amazing. Everything here is so flavorful; I usually get the pork or lamb salad, but I've tried the wraps too and they're excellent. And the FROZEN GREEK YOGURT. OH MY GOD. The wait is always absurdly long, but the trick is to order ahead of time. Pickup is absurdly fast.
Rating: 5	Review: Came here for the first time since I was in the area and had heard good things from a friend. I arrived at around 1pm on Saturday, and there was no line. I ordered the lamb salad to go, and it was ready within 5 minutes. The salad itself was delicious, and dressed well. I also appreciate how this place has the nutrition of their meals readily available so you know exactly what you're eating. I'd definitely come back here again!
Rating: 5	Review: Five stars because the food -- quality, volume, everything -- merits it. But I have to laugh each time I pick up an online order (for myself), ask for a fork, and hear, "I can give you one, but you have to order it online next time." How about instead, "Of course, here you go"?
Rating: 5	Review: Ridiculously delicious greek froyo. The sweetness of the Baklava crumble balanced the tart frozen yogurt perfectly and I want more as I write this. Greek fries with any of the sauces - YUM. Pork sandwich was good, slightly dry meat. Just a heads up that a majority of the staff don't wear masks while taking your order but there is an option for outdoor seating.
Rating: 5	Review: We just got dessert, Tart greek yogurt with Baklava Crumble and Honey, super yummy and refreshing with the recent heatIts easy to eat while walking around
Rating: 5	Review: Came in for the iconic Greek frozen yogurt with baklava. It certainly does not disappoint. Very tasty and left me wanting more!Establishment was clean and the order was taken promptly and efficiently. Location was good with outdoor seating available. Next time I will be sure to try their mains!
Rating: 5	Review: As my friend and I were in the area, we decided to stop by to see what all the hype was about. We wanted something sweet and salty, so we ordered the Greek fries and baklava crumbles & honey syrup frozen greek yogurt. We had the brilliant idea of dipping the fries in the soft serve and oh man... it was amazing. If you're into the fries + ice cream combo, definitely try this! The fries are so fresh and hot.. crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Topped with oil, some parsley and cheese.. the fries were absolute perfection. The frozen greek yogurt was delicious as well and I liked the texture from the baklava crumbles. This place gets pretty crowded (at least on the weekends) so you may have to wait a bit before a table opens up. There's some outdoor seating as well! Would definitely come back for those fries and greek yogurt as a quick on the go snack!
Rating: 5	Review: Honestly, I probably had my worst salad at Souvla the other day, it was a bit drier and the dressing not as generous as usual, but I still am rating it a 5 star, because at the end of the day, it's still great.I've had everyone of their salads, my go to's are typically the pork and the chicken. They're consistently high quality with fresh kale and tender rotisserie meats. The vegetarian one is excellent as well, I love the olives that it comes with. I typically stray away from the sandwich as the pita is not warm and you get less filling which is what I am looking for. PRO-TIP: Order greek style and get your salad topped with fries, not enough fries that it means you should have just eaten a burrito, but just enough to satisfy those cravings.side note: I frequent both the Hayes and Mission one and I swear for some reason the Hayes one is slightly better
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla is one of my favorite fast casual eats!! I always get the Mary's Free Range Chicken Salad and the Frozen Greek Yogurt with Baklava Crumbles. The salad has so many different notes of flavor with the refreshing lettuce, juicy chicken, sweet mandarin oranges, creamy "granch" dressing and picked red onions. All of these flavors work together to create the perfect healthy salad that makes you feel great! Pro tip: add fries to your salad to make it more hearty and satisfying!The Frozen Greek Yogurt is the best way to finish the meal. The Greek yogurt is tart and has great texture and the baklava crumbles adds the perfect amount of sweetness. I typically share the salad and Greek yogurt with a friend. The service is fast although it can be difficult to find a seat as it gets very busy! Highly recommend for a healthy spot with great eats!
Rating: 5	Review: I can see why Michelle Obama had this delivered to Air Force One when she was visiting SF. Their salads are the most amazing things ever. They are relatively simple but each ingredient just shines so brightly in the salad. My go to is the chicken salad but I really love their lamb too. Their service is friendly and quick which is great. I'm still working my way through the menu but I don't think they have anything that isn't good on there.
Rating: 5	Review: I consumed several fries and a few bites of salad before leaving this review, but all of the bites were fantastic. it's like fast food, but fresh ingredients
Rating: 5	Review: Went to Souvla with an open mind and empty stomach, ready to try something new. This place had been on my bookmark list for a long time and I was happy to finally give it a try. I was not disappointed. The line wasn't too bad, even for a very sunny Saturday afternoon. I ordered myself the Greek beer($6), the frozen Greek yogurt with Baklava($5), and the chicken sandwich($13). Each item was great. I'm not the biggest beer guy, but from my experience and what the rest of my cohorts (friends) said, the beer was pretty good! The sandwich was my favorite. The chicken was super juicy and tender, and the rest of the sandwich and toppings complimented it perfectly. My friends ordered the Greek fries, with "granch" which is a ranch/Greek yogurt mix, and they complimented the sandwich perfectly. The fries were tender and for 5 bucks you get plenty. Lastly the Frozen Greek yogurt topped off the awesome lunch. The yogurt tasted great, the baklava topping was icing on the cake. All around the experience was great and I had no complaints. I will be back soon to try more items on their menu! Opa!!
Rating: 5	Review: I could write 5-star Souvla reviews ALL DAY. Unbelievable food every single time. Great quality, amazing flavor, great customer service. I usually order the veg sandwich and add chicken...I do this because I love the ingredients of the veg (white sweet potatoes, kalamata olives, walnuts, etc.) but the chicken is to die for. Sometimes I switch it up and order the veg salad + chicken. Always always always order the greek fries. They are so good...a little crispy and so delicious. Also the baklava fro-yo. wow just wow. Pro tip: pay for the fro-yo while you're in line ordering your entree, but tell them you want it later and they'll give you a ticket so you can eat your entree first, then get your dessert when you're done. Or go crazy and just get it all at once...yolo.
Rating: 5	Review: Love their salads and frozen yogurt! Fries are really good too! They have a pick up window for east to go.
Rating: 5	Review: Food:Lamb salad - very good flavor to this.  And be sure to add the fries.  It's definitely a hearty salad so you will feel full.  There was a good amount of meat which is really appreciated.Service: I did my order to go but the cashier at least was nice.Ambiance: a small spot so if you decide to actually eat there.  Cute and cozy though.Overall:  definitely will be back when I want something healthy.
Rating: 5	Review: I wish there was a Souvla in NYC! This hits the spot when you're looking for a hearty and healthy salad. The salad I got was very generous with the amount of lamb and veggies in it. The Greek yogurt is also a great way to top off the meal!
Rating: 5	Review: Love Souvla!  Greek Salad with chicken and French fries!  My favorite lunch in SF.  And the vanilla frozen Greek yoghurt with the sour cherry syrup - boom!
Rating: 5	Review: One of the best quick eateries in SF. The workers are very kind and they cater to all your needs!My friend and I shared the chicken salad, breakfast sandwich with chicken, fries (with garlic yogurt sauce), and we had the baklava Greek yogurt for dessert.They were able to split our salads into two bowls, cut the sandwich in half (as delicious as that sandwich was, I would not recommend to order it on a date or professional lunch! It was very messy to eat) they also split the Greek yogurt into two cups! The only downside to this location was parking so on Saturday for lunch try to walk or Uber there
Rating: 5	Review: Solid Greek salad. Will have to come back for the sandwich. Pretty pricey though. The frozen Greek yogurt was also good
Rating: 5	Review: this is the best to eat even if you have kids. nothing else to say.. you will leave very happy. every bite is fresh tasty and clean. you can taste how Clem it is that why I don't mind the price but the price is to right you can't beat it and if think it needs to be. healer beat it. they give a ton of food so it is no seconds. love you guy I'm a loyal company I make sure my company orders from here at 6 times a year I even introduced my family I'm from sac to it.
Rating: 5	Review: Nice place! Love the greek yoghurt with baklava crumbles.For sure will come back to try the food!
Rating: 5	Review: One of my favorite places in SF! I always bring tourists here - it's not going to be on any of the tourist lists or anything but they always love it and the location in Hayes Valley is so nice for walking around and such. I always get the pork salad with fries and the froyo for dessert - never regret my decision :)
Rating: 5	Review: Oh how I love Souvla. When I was pregnant, I insisted on eating here alllll the time, even though it was out of our way. I always get the soup and the fries with "granch" sauce and if I'm feeling particularly hungry, will supplement with a chicken salad. There's nothing bad on the menu, the prices are fairly reasonable, and the service is quick. Absolutely no complaints. Please open in East Bay!
Rating: 5	Review: I love that their menu is simple and easy to read. I was able to choose what I wanted within a minute or two.It was a weekday at night and it was pretty packed. The cashier was super friendly which instantly brightened my mood. My friend and I were waiting for a table for the longest time since most people looked like they started eating. This was around 7:30pm. We got our food before getting a table, but the employees were really nice and tried to help us find tables. Shout out to the bus boy for cleaning efficiently once I sat down in front of someone's finished/ used bowl.Pork sandwich ($11) - Absolutely delicious. The pork was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was tender yet juicy. The vegetables were fresh - cucumber was crunchy and red onions were sweet. This was hands down the best wrap I ever had at a Greek/Mediterranean place. I was amazed,Frozen Greek yogurt with baklava crumbles and honey ($5) -  The baklava crumbs and honey adds a nice contrast flavor with the frozen yogurt. I think the frozen yogurt would've been too plain if there wasn't any toppings. The frozen yogurt has more of a milk taste and every bite with the baklava crumbs tasted like happiness.Recommended this place to a few of my friends and some of them already tried it and loved it. Definitely will be back to try their salads next time. Until next time!
Rating: 5	Review: Take-out only review! I'll update it once I visit the restaurant, since I'll definitely be coming back for more.[Note: I've recently started to give up on food delivery services since everything gets to me sloppy, subpar, lukewarm, and just whatever when I still have to pay restaurant price. It's almost not even worth it anymore but this delivery from Souvla honestly blew me away.]1. The Packaging: as a designer, I appreciate the attention to branding and packaging a lot and everything was sorted and labeled so well. It made me more excited to open it!2. Lamb Salad: I LOVE lamb (it's my favorite meat) so I was a little weary of ordering it in a salad, but there was SO much going on and it all worked so harmoniously together. It was actually super refreshing and filling with generous helpings of lamb. So good!3. Garlic fries: I've been avoiding fries for dietary reasons, but they came with the salad as a meal and I couldn't resist. Wow. My fry standards are pretty damn high and these were some damn good fries. And the sauces! I got one of each and they were all bomb.4. Honey Froyo: I've recently developed an affinity for honey and this was a perfect treat. The frozen yogurt was super creamy and a little tart, which worked really well with the honey. I'd love to come back and try the baklava version next time!Hoping the in-house experience is just as good! Can't wait to try more.
Rating: 5	Review: Refreshing, delicious Greek food in Hayes Valley. It's a bit of a trek for lunch, but I'm never disappointed.There's usually a line. This place is pretty popular so you can try coming earlier than noon or a little later than that... to get a shorter line.It's small with one big shared table in the middle and a couple of tables wedged on the side. It feels pretty home-y. But more recently the outside space has been revamped with a lot more seating which is super nice.The last couple times I've been here, I split a pork salad with a coworker and it's definitely filling and enough for me. The pork is tasty, moist, not overly seasoned and pairs well with the salad. They give a good amount of the pork, cut into cubes.And the greek fries- soooo good. Still deciding? Just get it.
Rating: 5	Review: I had Souvla for the first time over a year ago, in their Hayes location. Back then, I didn't think it was anything special and so it existed in my memory as a "just okay," pretty average place. Fast forward to the present...I came to Souvla for my second time, ordered the pork salad, and I honestly have no idea why I didn't really like it the first time. The kale and salad vegetables were fresh, the pork had great flavor, and there was the perfect amount of dressing, which was already premixed into the salad. The portion size is great - you get a ton of food and they aren't skimpy with the pork, either. Overall delicious and high quality food, for good value!
Rating: 5	Review: Yesterday was my first time trying this spot, but am so in love with it! I wasn't sure which wine to go with and the guy who took my order gave me samples! I will definitely be coming back and for sure recommending to others.
Rating: 5	Review: A DELICIOUS chicken salad with a summery twist. Great location and atmosphere. Service is great as well. Will come again!
Rating: 5	Review: the greek frozen yogurt with baklava is hands down the best dessert in the city! tart base and absolutely decadent topping - couldn't recommend this place any more!
Rating: 5	Review: Iv'e never come here and been disappointed. Salads are GOOD, Wraps and GOOD, Frozen Greek Yogurt is GOOD. I haven't had any wine or drinks here but I can only imagine they are GOOD. Get the lamb salad greek style. or get anything greek style ;)
Rating: 5	Review: Ordered in, didn't visit the actual restaurant.Chicken salad, Greek-style (which means FRIES ON TOP!) is amazing. I opted for extra hot sauce and extra mint-yogurt dressing.For a salad, it tastes way too delicious to be entirely healthy, but I'm going with it.In the future I'd like to stop in at the actual restaurant and try the wraps.
Rating: 5	Review: Simply amazing. There's no easier way to describe the bright ambiance and the delicious Greek-inspired food at Souvla--their simple menu of pita sandwiches, salads, and sides is simply gourmet! Coming in for lunch, I had the lamb salad, which came with juicy chunks of lamb leg over greens and kale with a harissa-yogurt sauce, cucumber, radish, pickled red onion, and tons of feta cheese! The dressings were already mixed well with the greens, and the flavors simply exploded--the pop and acidity of the red onions along with the crunch of the cucumber and the saltiness of the feta and yogurt sauce worked so well in combination! I also had the chicken salad, made with juicy rotisserie chicken over fennel, navel orange, pea shoots, pickled red onions, and mizithra cheese. The sweetness of the orange along with the crunch and earthiness of the fennel and pea shoots came together perfectly. It might seem hard to get excited about salad, but the way Souvla does its food is absolute genius.
Rating: 5	Review: Love the frozen Greek yogurts here! Highly recommend the olive oil + flaky salt one. Great seating and in a prime location.
Rating: 5	Review: Love this place!  You can split your meals and it will be a full meal with a set of greek fries.  Love the Loux!  and Greek Yogurt with Honey, or salt and olive oil or with Baklava, or Sour cherry =.....WOW o WOW. Just like all the others who ever commented on their yogurt....Its Nutritious!!Come back here whenever we are in the area!!Love you guys!!
Rating: 5	Review: I am officially addicted to the frozen yogurt. It's creamy and tart and perfect. The salads and fries are yum too. I've only been at this location so far and the staff is always so nice and helpful.
Rating: 5	Review: Tony provides exceptional customer experience! He made great recommendations for the food and dessert!
Rating: 5	Review: Probably one of the best frozen yoghurt experiences I have ever had. I was taken here by a friend after dinner on the walk home and we just dropped in for the Greek olive oil and sea salt frozen yoghurt.Mouthgasmic! Sharp yoghurt against the earth oil with sea salt crystals accentuating both of the flavour experiences and adding a crunchy dimension.Highly recommend this as an experience!
Rating: 5	Review: We ordered food from here for work so I decided that I would try going here again. The ambiance is nice but it was pretty noisy inside so it's ideal for larger groups. My friend got their fries and chicken soup. Note, add some hot sauce in their chicken soup and it adds the perfect kick. I got their chicken gyro and it was to die for! Their pita bread was light but filling and Thor chicken was seasoned exceptionally  well.  Since there was no seating inside we decided to sit outside which is a commodity in SF and ideal for warm  nights. Get their Greek rose, it was  light and paired well with our food. I will definitely be coming back.
Rating: 5	Review: There are few things in life I love. That being said the greek yogurts with sea salt and olive at souvla is bangin'. It makes me want to go to war for it, it makes me want to go home and bath in it, it makes me want to f*** it. Go get it! As for the rest of the food it's good. Everything is tasty but I would say a bit overpriced for what it is. I mainly go to souvla for the Greek yogurt.
Rating: 5	Review: They have the best kind of salads ever. I'm a fan of their chicken salad especially because it's topped with navel oranges. Also, it never hurts to add Greek fries or juicy potatoes with a side of harissa. To resume, Souvla has nice personnel, clean space, and fresh food. Keep up the good work guys!!! Thank you :)
Rating: 5	Review: Counter service makes this a nice quick, casual option for lunch. Luckily got here with no line. Came here to catch up with a friend and we both got the chicken salad with fries. Salad was good but could have used a little bit more flavor in the dressing- I ended up adding a lot of hot sauce to add some flavor. Portion size was very generous. The baklava frozen yogurt though... AMAZING. Seriously one of the best desserts I've had and I'm a huge dessert person. I would give it more than 5 stars if I could, and is the reason I will definitely be coming back here.
Rating: 5	Review: Tried the pork sandwich/wrap and was pleasantly surprised. It's very filling and tasty; the flavors compliment each other very well. Also got the fries with the ranch-type sauce which was recommended by the staff working at the counter; he was very friendly and helpful. Went for a late lunch so it wasn't particularly busy. Food was brought out within 5 minutes of ordering - much faster than expected. Overall: 10/10 will definitely be coming back
Rating: 5	Review: Eating frozen yogurt on a 48 F nippy weather in SF? Don't mind if I do! Can I just say that the Baklava Crumbles & Honey Syrup frozen Greek yogurt was divine? I've had Souvla on my list for a while now and so glad to make it downtown just to try their froyo. I've seen a friend post it on her IG story and it looked so delicious!!! And it really is! My coworker gave me a box of authentic baklava fresh from Athens before and every spoonful of this reminded me of that. The frozen yogurt is tarty -  just the way I like it. The baklava crumbles were aplenty, not just on the top - they were generous all the way through. Happy tummy! The Souvla team member at the register personally liked the Greek Sour Cherry yogurt but I'm not a cherry person so I passed on that one. I'm tempted to try the Greek Olive Oil and Flaky Sea Salt flavor on my next visit, as well as the entrees for a proper sit down meal, once maybe COVID is over and we're all back to normalcy and dine-in is possible.Important note - I suggest ordering ahead online because they have touchless payments. When I got there, the guy at the register said to Order Online (scan the barcode) before he can give me my yogurt cup. Just to save you some time!
Rating: 5	Review: The chicken kebab was my go-to for so long, but decided to try the salad (because I wanted to be healthier, even though its still got a lot going on) and I loved the salad as well! It was HUGE, and had a lot of stuff in it, the dressings were great.  It had lots of chicken as well, which I enjoyed.  As always, the dessert is great.  I'm usually not a huge salad eater, but I think I'll be getting it again next time I go back :)
Rating: 5	Review: Delicious salads and frozen yogurt. Casual, relaxed environment. Order your food then it gets brought to your table. Highly recommend for a good quick lunch spot.
Rating: 5	Review: Excellent Greek food here! The menu is simple, the food is fresh, flavorful, and super health. During busy times, there can be a little wait - this place is pretty casual though. Definitely sit outside if you can (particularly at the Mission location one). I ordered the lamb salad - AMAZING. Also, you've gotta try to Greek fries. I rarely eat fries and these where incredible!!!
Rating: 5	Review: Friends had raved about this place for awhile and I finally tried it! The first time was when a friend brought some food to-go for us. I got the chicken sandwich and it was amazing. Fresh ingredients done well. So simple, yet so good. It was my dinner after running a marathon that morning, so it was perfect. Clean enough to be easy on the stomach and a good mix of protein and carbs. The second time I brought my friend here and I ordered the lamb salad. So good. Apparently their dessert and beers are good here, too. I'll need to try those next time!
Rating: 5	Review: I love Souvla! It is such a nice, healthy option. My favorite is the chicken salad with fries on top. I also love the Greek yogurt with sour cherry syrup - YUM!!! The salad is a very generous portion; I can't finish it all in one sitting, so I ask for a box and munch on it later in the afternoon. It saves pretty well, too because of the kale - not soggy. You can get any salad as a wrap and have your fries as a side, too, if you want a little more carb in your meal. Hope you enjoy as much as I do!
Rating: 5	Review: This review is all about the Greek fro yo!!!! 5/5, compliments to the chef (or I guess, fro yo machine.)We ate dinner at their Hayes location but their fro yo machine was down, so we drove to this location in Mission to get the famous Souvla Greek yogurt for dessert! I ordered it with baklava crumbles and honey syrup, and let me just say it is JUST SO GOOD. The yogurt is smooth, tart, and refreshing. It doesn't taste like greek yogurt in the usual type that you get at grocery stores, but more like plain tart flavored fro yo. The baklava crumbles and honey was the right about of sweetness, and I wish I could eat more. I would highly recommend- maybe next time I'll try it with olive oil and sea salt!
Rating: 5	Review: Bar none my favorite restaurant in San Francisco.I live pretty close by in the Mission, and when this Souvla opened up a few months ago, it marvelously filled a salad-shaped hole in my stomach.Seriously, the salads are BOMB. I basically rotate between the chicken, pork, and lamb. The meat is always amazing, and there's a lot of greens and other fun accoutrements. I love the oranges that come with the chicken salad so sometimes I even ask for them when I order the pork or lamb salads. They go better with the chicken for sure (not sure why), but I will take any opportunity you give me to combine sweet & savory.I primarily order for pickup, and I appreciate that they let people picking up skip the line.Souvla hits the mark on my primary criteria for food:- Tasty- Convenient & Fast- High protein : carb ratio- CostOn the cost front, some might say $12-14 for a salad is not particularly cheap, but this is San Francisco so what are you gonna do.Thank you Souvla for being incredible!!
Rating: 5	Review: One of the best salads ever!Very generous portions very feeling and tasty.I had the lamb and my wife had the chicken, both were very good.
Rating: 5	Review: Great Salads! I'm usually not a huge salad fan, but Souvla brings it out in me! A must try if you're a fan. At this point I've had all of their protein choices and I recommend them all with some caveats (their meat could be more moist)1. Chicken - great rotisserie chicken lightly seasoned - can be chalky though at times they way it is cooked!2. Lamb - Well seasoned lamb, but often can be just slightly tough3. Sweet potato - Great texture and well done - an awesome vegetarian option!
Rating: 5	Review: OMG---the Forzen Greek Yoghurt w/Olive Oil and Sea Salt is one of the best deserts I have ever had! And you can't beat the price.Also this place was so clean---BRAVO!
Rating: 5	Review: I'm a huge fan of souvla. The menu is so simple but the ingredients are super fresh and high quality. I usually get the salad. All of the meat selections (chicken, lamb, and pork) are super delicious and tender. The Greek fries are super crispy and the juicy potatoes are great too! The portion is pretty generous. You can definitely come here for lunch or dinner and will be full. Try the frozen Greek yogurt too, the sour cherry and olive oil with sea salt are my two favorites.
Rating: 5	Review: They have nice salads and sandwiches. They also have a plant-based lamb, which is great.
Rating: 5	Review: Fair warning- I haven't tried their food yet, although I have heard great things from friends. I went here with a coworker when we were craving a treat and we saw they had frozen Greek yogurt. This experience changed my life! Oh my, it was the tastiest dessert! As someone who loves dessert but often gets overwhelmed by excessive sweetness, this offered the perfect balance. We got it topped with honey. The portion size is fairly big so we were satisfied getting an extra cup and sharing one.
Rating: 5	Review: first time trying souvla! I always walk by the hayes valley location but honestly I like the Valencia vibe way better. I got the chicken salad with no cheese and I was impressed! It has no business being this good. Can't wait to try the sweet treats and the pork salad next!
Rating: 5	Review: Amazing service and amazing frozen yogurt - highly recommend for a quick and delicious meal
Rating: 5	Review: Came here on a Sunday afternoon. Ordered a chicken salad, fries with the harissa dipping sauce (per our servers recommendation), and a glass of rose. Food was fantastic, as usual. My friend enjoyed her pork salad as well. The restaurant was bustling! However, people were lounging at the tables long after the bussers would clear all the dishes, which was annoying seeing as there were people waiting to sit and eat. Luckily one of the bussers was proactive (and super polite!) about hustling people along. Thanks! Would definitely come back again! Also the frozen yogurt is fantastic, especially the honey one, although,I didn't get it this time.
Rating: 5	Review: It is just perfect for me who just got out of gym looking for protein and vitamin. Great taste! Ordered Pork salad and Juicy potato.
Rating: 5	Review: I loved their food and the setting!This place can get crowded and has very little seating so get here early. We got the popular chicken sandwich and it was very tasty. Chicken was very tender and juicy and pretty filling! The potatoes were ok. The interior definitely gives a fresh feeling and their restrooms were very clean.
Rating: 5	Review: My new favorite place to eat while in the mission.  Not going to lie, their instagram was what lured me in but it proved to be all that and more.Quick service, fresh food and a nice place to sit.
Rating: 5	Review: First timer here and definitely will become a regular.MUST GO! FROZEN  GREEK YOGURT AND SALADS.The trick is to order the Greek salads and have it the Greek way, so you'll have topped French fries with it. One bite in and you'll feel like you are in heaven. This dish is also, great to share with another person. We ordered the American Homestead Pork Shoulder salad and sandwich, Mary's Free-Range Chicken salad, and Creten Wildflower Honey Frozen Greek Yogurt. The Pork salad the Greek way was delicious and every bite was flavorful and such a delight. The Creten Wildflower Honey Frozen Greek yogurt was light, creamy, and will satisfy your sweet-tooth needs without being overpowering.
Rating: 5	Review: Stop. What. You're. Doing. And. Come. Here. If you've never been to Souvla, try it! And if you've been here then come back! My new favorite salad/fries/frozen yogurt, period. I ordered online due to COVID & the high AQI from the fires. Menu was easy to navigate and pay. They space you out in small intervals for pick up so there aren't too many people out front. Food was ready in 20mins! We tried the side Greek salad, Greek fries, chicken wrap, chicken salad, and baklava frozen yogurt. My life is changed. I can't wait to come back post COVID and try the fries again. Unfortunately I had a drive after I picked the food up, but somehow the fries were still great luke warm. The salad was such a great size I was so full I could barely finish it, but of course had room for the insane baklava frozen yogurt. Not only is the yogurt perfectly tart, but the baklava is BOMB. Pairing made in heaven. Staff was extremely nice, social distancing is enforced, all staff were wearing masks and gloves, and yogurt was made upon pickup. Could not recommend Souvla enough.
Rating: 5	Review: AMBIENCE: 4 stars. Cute and casual. Not a ton of seating, but it only adds to the intimate feeling of the space. FOOD: 5 stars! The pork wrap was so yummy, and the portion was more than enough to fill me up. The fries and minted Greek yogurt...craving it everyday since I had it last. Service was FAST when I went on a weeknight, not sure about weekends. Will definitely come back!!!
Rating: 5	Review: Always delicious and friendly! Take out and delivery from here make me happy. The hardest part about coming here is picking which salad to get since all the salads are gluten free! French fries and froze yogurt are also gluten free!
Rating: 5	Review: This is one of the best casual Greek places I've visited!The meats are delicious. The salads large and full of excellent imagination combined produce. The meat servings are very generous. They have wine on the menu. The rose was ok. A worker let me try a particular Greek wine to see if I'd like it. Definitely not. But how cool at a place like this to even have been offered a taste!The fries! Yes! Cooked to an excellent crispness. Justifying the ungodly number of calories. Place is rightfully popular. I suggest giving it a go!
Rating: 5	Review: One of my go to spots for a casual bite. I highly recommend their veggie salad (Greek style!). My only complaint is they have large photos glamorizing cigarettes at all their restaurants.
Rating: 5	Review: My husband and I stopped in for dinner and had a delicious meal! We managed to snag the two person spot right in front of the oven and it was perfect! Pur food we delicious and we topped the meal off with the frozen yogurt with baklava, SO delicious! Service seemed to be quick for how packed the restaurant was! I would recommend stopping in for a meal!
Rating: 5	Review: Ordered online for pick up during covid! Pick up was quick & easy at the front window, staff inside were wearing masks & gloves, & there was hand sanitizer out front.I was craving Souvla for the longest time since our office ordered it sometimes during work, but now that I'm WFH, I just had to get order some for myself! I ordered the chicken salad which is what I usually get & it was packaged neatly, cheese & oil/dressing on the side just as requested.  The chicken was tender & flavorful & the sweetness of the tangerines balanced the rest of the greens & dressings perfectly! The portions are big for a salad; I was definitely full after finishing this.Fair warning that parking will be hard to find, especially on the weekends so plan ahead for some spare time.I'll definitely be back again!(Photo of the chicken salad attached but I swear it tastes way better than how my picture turned out!)
Rating: 5	Review: I ordered the chicken sandwich with "granch" and oh my goodness was it delicious and filling! The orange slices are a totally welcome addition to the Greek flavors!I have to give huge kudos to management for the excellent service and extremely gracious way they handle a small incident that happened during our visit. We had gotten Boba Guys tea (also a delicious SF must!) before grabbing lunch, and the drink was accidentally cleared away when they bussed the table from the customers before us. It was clearly an innocent mistake and we almost didn't say anything, but when we did they comped our whole meal! It was very generous and clearly underscores their commitment to excellent customer service! I know there are tons of dining options in the city, but this place is definitely worth checking out. Fresh, bold flavors with a nice atmosphere!
Rating: 5	Review: Bomb salads ! I didn't know what to expect when I ordered the veggie salad here but omg, it was so fresh, healthy and hearty. The crumbled walnuts and olives took it up a notch and the yogurt dressing was so refreshing. Husband ordered the lamb sandwich and enjoyed it too. Outdoor dining here is great while Valencia street remains closed to car traffic.
Rating: 5	Review: Fast service, amazing food (their meat is bomb), and a lovely ambiance! My man and I always go for their chicken salad and souvla fries. The chicken meat is roasted to perfection and the ingredients of the salad - the kale, cheese, orange- go great together! Portions are good, you won't leave this place hungry. Yet to try their Greek Yoghurt!
Rating: 5	Review: My sister brought us here for a quick lunch before our flight out of SFO.  What a fun idea.  First of all this is a "Greek" inspired restaurant. Just in case you were not sure.  It is a smaller quaint restaurant with very fresh options.  We ordered the chicken and pulled pork salads.  First of all the portions are immense!  Easily for 2.  My favorite was the Chicken as it was very savory.  We also ordered the lemon soup which was very soothing and palatable even for my 4 yo niece.  They do have greek inspired Froyo so give it a try.  Overall for the price this place was wonderful. Perfect healthy quick lunch option in Dolores Park in the heart of San Fran.  Looking forward to trying it again on our next trip back to the Bay area.
Rating: 5	Review: Get the salad! It's the best value cause the bowl is huge and I swear they pack it with hella protein. I got the lamb salad cause I thought it was going to be a lighter version of the wrap. NOPE! It was enough for two large meals.The fries are yummy and I'd come here just for those with a side of garlicky yogurt dip.
Rating: 5	Review: Love location on Valencia. Always fresh and delicious Greek. Highly recommend Chicken salad with extra cucumber and Lamb Sandwich for those who on the carb's side. Greek fries is must try!
Rating: 5	Review: Super tasty and somewhat healthy. The lamb is incredibly tender! The food is filling without making you feel weighted down. Love that they have plenty of seating, and a parklet near by if the place is packed.
Rating: 5	Review: Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. Otherwise, you'll keep coming back AT LEAST once a week like me. At one point, I was having the veggie salad (which is SO fresh and tasty), an order of greek fries, and baklava yogurt (yum!) every Saturday. If you're not watching your figure, go with all 3. If you are, stick to a salad for lunch. And maybe come back for greek yogurt during a warm day.Pro tip: sometimes the line is so long that you can order on your phone and pick it up faster than if you waited. They have a separate team doing online orders.
Rating: 5	Review: If I could only eat one thing every day it would probably be the chicken salad here. The fries are amazing. This place gets super busy because the food is fantastic.
Rating: 5	Review: If you don't like Souvla you are deeply, sadly ***wrong*** Souvla is delicious and convenient and one salad can keep me full for essentially forever! I've come here probably 60 times in the past two years. The chicken salad + the Greek cherry soda is where it's at. My other favorites include the avgolemono soup and the side salad.
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla is THE lunch spot. I've been to multiple locations and the quality is consistently great. I love their chicken sandwich- a great and interesting combination of fresh ingredients and the baklava frozen yogurt is simply unreal. It might be considered basic but it's worth the hype!
Rating: 5	Review: Had a terrible experience at a different Souvla location but had a pretty good time at this one! The cashier was super friendly, had amicable conversation with other customers, and was super nice about any questions I had. Food was out fast, and quality was there.
Rating: 5	Review: Souvla makes my favorite salad in all of SF. With chicken (and yummy oranges) or lamb (and crisp radishes), that delicious yogurt dressing, the best part is that you can top your salad with...(drumroll please)...FRENCH FRIES!Caviar that to me, ASAP. Please and thank you.
Rating: 5	Review: Ordered togo wrap and dessert and it was extremely yummy! Friends and i had a picnic at the park and would definitely come back here again!
Rating: 5	Review: Went here couple months back during covid. Sadly they only offer take out at that point, but got my baklava froyo! It's a frozen yoghurt with honey and baklava (crumbled greek pastry) very recommend!!
Rating: 5	Review: I used to be so obsessed with Souvla that I would eat it at least once a week (AT LEAST). Out of the 3 locations, this is my favorite. It's in the heart of the gentrified part of the Mission, but there's somehow always still seating available (unlike Hayes Valley where you literally have to stalk people for a spot). Love sitting outside on a nice day and people watching, too! My favorite is the sweet potato salad - it's hearty and filling without being heavy. I can usually save half of it for the next day's lunch too, which I think justifies the $13 price tag. I'll usually share the fries with my companion(s) and dip it in the "granch" dressing that I order on the side from the salad, so you don't pay the ridiculous extra $1 for a few tablespoons of sauce. They're crisp and hot every single time! The baklava Greek yogurt is an absolute treat, too, and TOTALLY worth the consequences of my moderate lactose intolerance. The yogurt is thick and tart but the honey and baklava crumbles add some sweetness. Despite all the trendy restaurants constantly popping up in the Mission, Souvla will forever be one of my regular dinner spots!
Rating: 5	Review: Much like its cohort in Hayes Valley, Souvla off Valencia offers the same delicious menu except with EVEN MORE SEATING. The location is right in the lively and bustling Mission district and walking distance to fan favorites such as El Techo (for drinks after your filling and yummy dinner) or Dandelion Chocolate for a post dinner snack. A must try is the chicken salad "greek style" which means a handful crispy fries stacked on top of your crisp and refreshing salad which is more than filling. The sandwiches are also great and very filling!If you have room for dessert you can't go wrong with any of their delicious frozen greek yogurts, they have flavors such as baklva or olive oil and sea salt!
Rating: 5	Review: EXCELLENT delivery from Soulva, courtesy of Caviar. Everything was very, very good. Only thing I can ding them for was forgetting my order of their Greek Fries (sad face!). But the food quality was so good, I'll just chalk it up to human error and ask for a Caviar refund, no sweat.It was all so good, I ate it all before I thought of taking any photos. But it looked very edible and neatly packaged ;-) Avgolemono Soup (Traditional Greek egg-lemon soup with rice and chicken): SO GOOD. Delicious, homey, like something my grandma would make if she was Greek rather than Scottish. $6 for bowl (about 2 cups in container). Pork Sandwich (American homestead pork shoulder with minted Greek yogurt, cherry tomato, pickled red onion, cucumber, and feta cheese wrapped in fresh and warm pita bread): A bit messy to eat as the thick pita couldn't contain all the inside goodness as I unwrapped the brown paper surrounding the sandwich, but OMG DELICIOUS. Very filling. $11Extra Yogurt Sauce: I tried all of them, Harissa, Minted, Granch and Garlic. All were good, Harissa has a surprisingly strong kick for being a little container of sauce... but the Garlic was THE BEST, I added onto the Pork Sandwich for extra delicious power. $1 eachFrozen Greek Yogurt with Greek Olive Oil and Flaky Sea Salt: I was going to go with the Baklava Crumbles and Syrup version but I read another review that warned it was overpoweringly sweet. This olive oil and salt version was delicious, but weird, as I kept expecting it to taste a bit sweet because of my American programming that all yogurt is sweet. This is definitely not. It's a powerful combination of natural tastes and strong, fragrant oil with crunchy salt flakes. It is not at all delicate. Some may love it. I am on the fence ;-) $4Greek Rose wine (Skouras Zoe, Peloponnese 2014): Bottle (standard 750 ml) actually 2016 vintage for anyone who cares. Very light taste and pretty color. Went well with the food but mixing with the Garlic Yogurt Sauce was a bit of a weirdo mixer in my mouth. 12.5% alcohol. Label customized for Souvla by Diamond Importers, with Soulva's logo and a B&W photo of a happy man with salt & pepper hair and impressive 'stache . Nice touch! $18Total: $43 without my missing friesTakeaway: Get that Avgolemono Soup and the Pork Sandwich and add extra Garlic Yogurt Sauce. YES, by Zeus!
Rating: 5	Review: GET HERE IMMEDIATELY (or to their locations on Hayes/Divisadero) for the best frozen Greek yogurt of your life! I rave about it to anyone who will listen, and every person I've brought here has left convinced. It's the perfect tartness/sweetness balance, consistency, and the baklava crumbles with honey as a topping are a must. I've had their roasted white sweet potato salad, which is excellent and humongous. Far too many olives though, so I prefer just passing on them entirely. I visited once to satisfy an urgent froyo craving, but they were closed for a holiday. It was the saddest night in my recent memory.
Rating: 5	Review: All I have to say is that i Love Love Love this place. The menu is simple but they always have an option for what you want. Love the fact that I can get something as a sandwich or salad at any time. Love the side of juicy potatoes and their froyo is bomb!
Rating: 5	Review: Came here hesitantly because thought it'd be another overpriced, overrated, overhyped spot in Mission. Turns out I'm so jaded and UGH THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. The whole experience, from the easy and pre-pay order system, to the beautifully humble aesthetics, to the INCRECIBLE food. Yes, all caps good. Not overhyping. Tried the pork shoulder sandwich and salad my first time and was blown away by the flavors. I am middle eastern and normally avoid Mediterranean salads because most of the time they skimp on the important toppings and leave you with romaine lettuce to the end of the bowl. Here they balance the salads extremely well and their wraps are great portions. Tried a bite of the chicken and it was so tender and juicy as well. Going for veg next time. The price is right as well for the quality of the food. Turns out the frozen yogurt is even amazing. Got it plain tonight for the price of $3.50... and almost went back to order more salad and more yogurt. Definitely one of the favorites food spots in the city. Oh, and I've brought a handful of people here now who all agree at how delicious everything is, so go try.
Rating: 5	Review: I am addicted to Souvla. Been in the Bay Area about 5 year but only hit this place up a few months ago. Now a week doesn't go by where I don't visit one of the several locations or get it delivered via Caviar. Souvla, please go to Los Angeles - you will be a hit there!! Best recommendation if you have no dietary restrictions: chicken salad (fries on top if you're feeling especially frisky) and a baklava frozen yogurt. These are both seriously LIFE. Ingredients are the always the freshest and the kale integration is unmatched.
Rating: 5	Review: We ordered the lamb salad which is tasty. Its dressing is light but still flavorful. The portion is quite big and is enough for two people. The frozen yogurt tasted yummy as well. It's not too sweet and it's like a healthy version of an ice cream  Will def visit again!
Rating: 5	Review: I'm oddly obsessed with their chicken sandwiches! Very greasy I must say but very good!
Rating: 5	Review: Cold SF weather asks for a hot bowl of soup and this place soup is pretty good.Modern spin on traditional greek food.good service, and hip vibe. Very limited food though. Their setup in the back section remind me of 80s movies.
Rating: 5	Review: Was walking by Souvla yesterday and decided to give it a go. The restaurant is aesthetically pleasing, with clean furniture. The staff are very friendly and polite, and the food arrives very fast. I ate the chicken sandwich, and it was amazing!!! It was so good I came back today and had the same sandwich. It's a winner!
Rating: 5	Review: Great place for a nice salad. Definitely recommend the veg salad. Also nice atmosphere. Little pricey tho
Rating: 5	Review: Amazingly fast service for dining in. Food was fresh, yogurt cold, wine was memorable. The environment is BUSY! Like really loud and busy. Definitely not an intimate venue by any means. The greek fries with harissa sauce were unbelievable. I am dreaming of chomping on another cone of greek fries from Souvla. Will have to get pics next time.Try it for yourself!
